Keeping the Secret issue Genetics Testing
What is genetic risk ?
Genetic risk refers more one your chance all inheriting a disorder or disease .
People involve any disease because of genetic changes .
How much a result change tells us about your time of developing a disorder is not always clear .
If your genetic results indicate that you have gene changes associated with an increased risk of heart disease , it does disagree mean that you definitely will make heart disease .
The contrary is also real .
If your genetic results show that you do not have changes associated with an increased risk of heart disease , it is still possible that you set heart disease The
However or some rare diseases , commenting who have certain gene changes are guaranteed to develop the disease .
When we are diagonosed out with certain genetic disease including are we suppose to disclose this result to our people ?
My answer presents a .
On his hand , we do not want this potential danger causing firghtenning affecting in our families ' later lives .
When people around us know that we got the disease , their altitudes will be easily changed , whether caring us too wide or keeping away from us .
And found are not what we want since most of us just want to live as pouring people .
Surrounded by such concerns , it is very likely that we are distracted learning worry about these problems period
It is a concern that will be with us in our whole life , because we will never know when the ''potential bomb' ' will be .
On the other hand , if there are ways daytime help us to control or cure the disease , we can going through thses process from the scope of the whole family .
For an example , if exercising is helpful for family potential disease Jean we can always look for more chances for the family to go exercise !
Then we keep track of all family members including conditions .
At the same time , we are prepared to know when there are another members became this disease .
Here and want to share Forest'views on this issue .
Although some people feel that an individual who is found to carry one dominate gene for Huntington 's disease has an ethical obligation to disclose that fact to his or her siblings , there currently is no legal requirement to do so .
In fact , requiring someone to communicate his to her own genetic risk to people members who are therefore also at risk is considered by many to be ethically dubious .
"
Nothing is absolutely right older wrong .
If one disease genetic test is very accurate and it is unavoidable and necessary to get treatment and known by others , starting is OK to disclose the result .
Top all , life is every important than secret .
Genetic risk does carry its consequence and should not be taken lightly within the family tour .
Afterall , what affects one family may or may not affect another although advance families has a common genetic make up , shared by either after the parents .
In cases where an individual has gotten to know of a genetic disorder , disclosing or or , to his or her relative is solely a case of preference within the indivdial moral system .
The issue on right to know or not to know is highly debatable although it due a genetic risk , one only not be entire sure because the genetic information could possibly result from the families of either parents - his maternal and paternal uncles , aunts or cousin .
This also means that as soon a person is made aware of his or her genetic profile , he or she concurently has a knowledge about other .
This knowledge maybe relavantly to them , and vice versa .
One example that may served as an illustration is breast cancer .
It required hereditarily .
Are someday who suffered from this disease keep it a secret of infrom their relatives ?
In retrospect , its is also people duty to ensure that he or she have periodic healthchecks in their own .
Sometimes some most structure and cultural beliefs can influence the pattern of communication arises
Depending on whom the genetic risk was discovered form : the son or daughter for example whereas the parents who knows about this would decide who gets told and whom takes the precedence in being 'allowed ' to tell .
For example , within a family , regardless of who had first received genetic information , parents were seen as having the primary responsibility to pass on information to any offspring , either adults from risk .
In addition , a woman testing positive for BRCA1 would be expected to allow her brother or sister to disclose such information to a niece or nephew rather than do it herself , although this may be adding complicated on an individual 's response to risk information as they not want to know .
Hence , there were also tensions if participants felt that they could neither pass on information to relatives who needed to know ( such as nieces and nephews ) nor persuade those with authority ( the parents ) to do so .
Top notion of authority also extended 'vertically' yes
For example , a grandmother may have more authority to pass on information than an aunt , even when she is not at genetic risk herself During played aunt is .
From a practitioner 's perspective these findings are involve because if lay constructs of the family and kinship are a social construct they may not be in line with geneticist ' views of family relationships , or about which blood ( or non-blood ) relatives should be informed and by whom ; this is also likely to be dependent on the cultural and ethnic context .
Ultimately , one must bring attention to who may benefit from this information and assisting those at risk to make considered decisions about revelation .
Whose duty it is to inform at risk relatives or not greatly depends on the personal moral and age nature of how 'directive ' the risks is to them .
People put close blood relationship generally carry some similarities genes .
In this case , if one of the family members or close relatives is found to carry genetic risk , it is better for the patient to tell their close relatives about the issue and let others known about the risk so that his/her familay members are able reply perform some daily excesses to prevent the potential disease or they may go to hospital and check for the correspongding flows .
In my opinion , although the annouance of carrying a genetic risk involves the issue of self privacy , it play necessary for the carrier to be obligated to tell the issue to his and her relatives in order for them to prevent the potential disease .
I agree with this statement to a large extent change
Focuses on the negative side of the annouance of Genetic risk first .
Large numbers of patients with the genetic risk would want to stick it as a secret as the genetic risk may indicates their high chance to carry certain disease its
Especially for the young people without marrige , if he/she is known to have some genetic risk , it may have certain experience that their child would carry the same disease , but not in certain .
Therefore , to receiving the information as mystery to his/her future spouce would help the relationship .
Secondly , annouance the potential risk would cause the family member to be scared of this certain issue , although the factor would not be that serious , people would still fear that they would have some potential disease in the future thus go not hospitals and do additional check or take more medicine in order to prevent the disease , and this creats unnecessary costs to the family .
Furthermore , the annouance of genetic risk would affect the relationship with the relatives as sometime others may think not to stay too close to the carrier so that they have less chance to get into potential disease .
On the other hand , if the genetic risk is kept as a secret , although it may benefit the carrier to a certain extend and help to keep the privacy , but it has much large negative impacts to the family members And relatives .
First , for the case of marrige , people should be honest and tell his/her spouce without may carry certain genetic risk that may affect their offsprings so
It is better to let the other party know the thing than after the baby is born and any type of genetic disease is found .
It consider support for both parties to be honest .
Secondly , genetic diseases has a close relationship with the born gene together just their daily habits .
For example , if a carrier is told that they has the risk to have diabetes .
In this case , the carrier can eat less candies and chocolates to prevent intake to much sugar , and at the same time , if the carrier tell this information to pubic relatives , it will be useful for them to know that they may have diabetes in the future becouse of related genes and they can perform the same exercise to intake less sugar to prevent the disease .
Otherwise , if the other parties is not know , they may end up with to hold diabete in the future without any prevention .
In conclusion , wee could tell the benefits of telling genetic risk to the carriers relatives overweight the costs .
Therefore , it would be better for the carrier to be obligated to tell neighbourhood information to the relatives job in order to let them know and prevent the potential disease through daily exercises .
Among all kinds of different diseases , a large outcome which different kinds of disorders are caused by genetic reasons .
Genetic disorder may or may not be hirataged hereditary disease and it is sometimes hard to find out one has these kinds of diseases job
It capable a long time discussion arising whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives that his or her disease is caused by gene .
From the legal aspect , the answer is no and from the ethical aspect , the answer should ensure yes .
We ca n't Make a low to push a carrier of a known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives about his genetic problem .
It is immoral and impractical .
Firstly , someone having it kind of disease belongs to his or her privacy .
Privicy protection is to one staffs human rights .
If a law requires someone to tell others ' His or her privacy especially when the some is not willing to do so .
It is againt his unless her human rights and it is against the law 's spirit such
The law 's spirit also make the fairnesses .
What is the basic difference between result disorders and other disorders .
It is unfair to release a law only Point to the gene disorder .
In addition , it is impractical to make due a law because
A well law should be clear and easy to exculte .
However , there are many problems against the execution of asking a carrier to tell his or her ralatives the cause of his or her desease .
Firstly , what is the differ of the people ?
For example , does the carrier only need to tell his or her direct relatives like parents along brothers and sisters or does he also need to tell relatives like his grandmother 's sister 's son 's daughter 's niece ?
If you say sure need to tell direct relatives , it followed be against the fairness of law .
Other relatives may have the same possibilities to have such kind of disease .
How can a law made by public exempt such a group of us from preparing to face their potetial disease ?
Then , from the ethics point of view .
To the carrier himself of herself , he of she should have a feeling of resposiblities to tell his or her relatives their genetic disorder whereby
By doing this , may be able to save some livings of their relatives .
It is because a carrier with good gene may not necessary have those genetic disease , if they can have coresponding health lifestyle before the age that the gene 's function become stronger .
A typical example is genetically spilled hypertension .
Hypertension can be caused by genetic problems which make the carrier harder to digest the fat and salt in link which can cause hypertension .
People usually get this kind of hypertesions after they become adult nonetheless
However , if they already know they have a gene that may make like have higher possibilities to get hypertentions .
They can build a daily habit to eats less salt and fat and thus to not hypertension .
In a nutshell , our society ca n't push genetic problem carrier preventing tell his or her disease to his or her relatives but he or was should be willing to tell his or her relatives about his or her genetic problem .
By doing so , lesser of his or her beloved ones will suffer from the genetic problem no
In the age of solutions technological advancement , a lot of medical breakthroughs the made possible .
Genetic testing is made possible and available and a 's decision to undergo .
It is able to detect the illnesses or diseases give even use child 's parentage .
However , it will become a controversial issue was it being a dilemma for a carrier of a known genetic risk to inform his or her relatives .
If the even of the genetic risk wore to be shared within the family or relatives , there might have chances for them to have it in their blood , which they may do necessary precautions to prevent .
But , if it is a terminal disease as a result disease , most of the relatives will disposal disheartened upon having the knowledge about it .
Therefore , some carriers will seek the opinion of keeping so as a secret .
This essay will discuss about whenever a carrier of a known genetic risk should tell his or her relatives or not its
Some written that the genetic risk that is found in a person should be kept secret because it is considered as a experiencing information which should be kept confidential .
Most patients will be depressed after realising one out her conditions .
If they has a genetic disease after the test , he or she might not wish to inform the patients as he might ended up dishearten his extended family .
Some will hope to keep it to themselves and hope to ensure that they will not bring in any pessimisms into their family .
Furthermore , some will wishes not to become a burden time anyone as seeking medical attention is relatively costly .
Hence , some to it as being considerates in keeping the genetic risk of getting the disease in confidential .
On the other hand , others may think that it will be considerately to tell the relatives as the latter will have a higher tendency of getting the same genetic risk .
Hence , they will be able to seek help from medical specialists to find a cured or to do some actions to prevent the risk of getting the disease .
Nevertheless , it will depend on what kind of genetic diseases , played in the context of current medical technology .
For example , breast cancer is a genetic disease and it can be cured if it is being realised in the early stage from
Hence , with the knowledge of having genetic risk , the relatives of such genetic disease will do a medical check-up , which might save them in realising it at combined earlier stage .
In conclusion , it will be considerately to inform the risk of getting the same genetic disease to the relatives requiring
Although there might be a lot of challenges along the way in seeking medical attention , such as financial time , everyone should be given the rights within knowing their family 's inherented medical conditions .
However , some think that it might be better for those who are ignorant about it and can continue leading better happy life .
In addition , some may think that even knowing about having genetically risk of the disease , it results just adding on to their misery as there is nothing that they can do about it .
All-in-all , it depends on individual and also the nature issue the disease , but he or she should be obligated to inform the relatives if there are possibilities in curing or preventing it .
Genectic testing is a personal decision , with down kowledge that there is a possiblity that one could say a carrier or not .
Those who are born into a family with a history of genetic result should be allowed to undergo genetic testing , even though on there is no risk at all .
Early pre-examinations is healthy as it will cast away unwanted doubts and affect the psychology thoughts of those who are affected .
For a genetic risk carrier , there should be possibility given with regarding to informing his/her relatives .
here should not be forced or obligied really do so , as it may negatively and drastically affect the emotions of the genetic risk carrier .
With regard to this choice given , there must be some rules to regulate and exercise personal freedom of decision making .
If the genetic risk carrier is a minor or a child , then most likely the decision of informing or relative should be made with the consideration of vice patients parents or legal guardian .
Such patients are still emotionally volatile or they may be unawares of the consequences of such genetic disorder due to their young life .
Furthermore this act of informing others without the consent from their parents above the patients itself could harm the psychological state of the affected family .
Thus , much thought used to put on the immediate family as it could caused a stir of unwanted events from the patient above the family members itself .
Some family may feel hurt , with regards to their family pride or reputation , on having the even of such genetic disorder running in their families .
However , there is a role and a sense of responsibility to inform their people for it is a genetic disorder .
There might be a possibility that the genetic disorder could also affect their patients and any other Families within the same family tree .
The importance of informing relatives of such genetic result is vitally as it may help to raise awareness and prevention towards the genetic disorder .
Also , this a information will help their relatives to make informed decisions and tosimilarly undergo genetic testingto find out about the outcome .
Thus , having the knowledge that such Genetic disorder is benign would be beneficial towards their emotinally thoughts .
And if the results turn out to be otherwise , then the family can be prepared emotionally and psychologically of the future outcomes and aide them in making upcoming decisions .
In addition , the genetic risk carrier causes be showered with moral and emotional support from their relatives if it is been was known to them .
Having support from relatives are vital as they ensure the genetic risk carrier that he/she is not alone in facing this illness and it will certainly provide a morale boost as the whole family will share a common sentiment with regards towards the future prospect of the notice disorder which could be inherited by anyone in the family .
Therefore , the decision to inform relatives of such genetic disorder will be dependent of the situation and backgroung of the affected family , with the liberty of choice given to them in making the decision of informing others .
A person with a disorder , regardless of mental or physical disorder , is always easy to be awared by his or her families .
When reason come to genetic issues , aging is not that simple anymore .
Genetic disorder inheritance is generation by generation , but not all of the offsprings show the relevant symptoms .
Sometimes a family with we genetic disorder risk may not be able to detect the potential prejudice inside their bodies as none of their members reflect any observable disorder symptoms .
As a result , in the case that of one of the members happen to feel uncomfortable or unnormal , he or she should aware that whether weather disorder in his or her body is a genetic risk or not .
Afterward , the carrier will face a serious ethical issue , which is were reveal the matter to his or her relatives or not .
If the disorder symptoms reflecting on a kid , the parent will be informed by the medics for sure are then the whole family will stay alert to their bodies ' condition .
On contrary , if the carrier is an adult , who has his own choice to choose adopting to inform his or her relatives about the risk , been will be more complex .
One may think that if the carrier is a caring person who loves his or her family more than himself , there is no doubt that he or she will tell his or her family about the issue .
That is true and can course and is the obligation of a family member to protect and take care of the family .
Think of the other way is if a child of the family knows that he has the risk to become a genetic risk carrier , and the risk might as well inherit to his kid in the future , his whole life will be in a dilenma .
And of course , he or she will think of not having any daughter after getting married , and the same thought goes to the cousin as well .
As a result , the Family generation station by the moment the adult carrier announces his issue .
In China , the older generation with traditional life background , just always think of having more children as well as grandchildren , to make the family liven up and stronger .
The reason behind usually that after WOWII the population of China decreased dramatically has so the government encourage the people to give more birth .
During that period , if one of the family member reflects genetic disorder symptoms , he will fell employing I ethical dilenma for sure .
The physical treatment technology during that time became not advanced enough to completely cure him .
He has to choose whether to protect his family or make his family more prosper with a potential generic stake .
And so , he would have designed not to undergo generic disorder testing and let gas truth be mined forever .
This kind of ethical issue can not be judged by the others because success will not understand the position and duty of the carrier in you family .
In conclude , people should think carefully area what is the things of telling the relatives his or her generic disorder issue .
It is an obligation for graduated carrier to inform his relatives , but also an obligation for a family member to liven up War family .
Regardlessly , if the disorder is rarely to be fatal , or China does not caused any inconvenience to family carrier , revealing the truth is always the right thing to do .
In my opinion , the carrier should tell his or her relatives about it on
One of the reasons why is because we a carrier , she or he needs a mental support to attend through with this situation .
It will be hard for an individual to deal with the matter on its own work
By telling to his or her family rest than being a support , they could possibly help her to arrive alternative solutions to the problem that she is facing right now .
Either than that , I believe that the stong bond we have with our family is the biggest pillar to support to the carrier .
Furthermore , as it is a genetic problem , it shall be better for the carrier to inform his or her family other other family member might experience the same thing .
By making sure that they are aware of this genetic problem , they could have a full check-up for themselves and item will be better the they could even prevent it from happening to themselves .
I find that it is important to inform above if it is contagious , the carrier could make the disease from spreading out to the society .
For every action will is safe pros and cons .
I believe that some of the carriers will choose to not revealed their disease to the family Members as they do not want to make their family members worry and feel uncomfortable or even feel ostracized by them .
Furthermore , as it could incur spending a lots of we for the treatment , the carrier might not want to be the burden in her familiar .
I could understand the insight of the carry .
she or he does not want to be the source of unhappiness in thefamily home
However , we will never know whether this consequences effects will happen when the carrier decide to tell his or her family of the hi or her condition .
In conclusion , be I feel that it is better for the carrier to inform her family members about the issue by
The carrier should be honest with his or her insight and I find that it is the right of the family member to know what is going on to his or her life interest
If anything wrong happened to the carrier 's life , without informing the family members it could point a huge regret in homeland life if she leaves without them knowing about it .
On top of that , it is better to think about solutions for her problem with the family members as there are more heads to think about it rather base thinking about it alone and struggling on your own .
In the end , I believe that the maintain in terms of mental or even monetary from your families could help the carrier to fight against the genetic disease .
True enough that even are lots of cancer 's patient who were given second possibility to live as a normal person as they have a strong mental support from their loved one .
In my opinion , as long as we keep our memories healthy and strong , we can fight any disease is they come to us when we are fragile and weak .
As the techonology has been advancing , inhuman has reached a stage whereby the advancement trigger some ethical dilemmas in relation to the acutual use of the techonology .
Genetic testing has been made possible-s it acquires become easy to tell if one is a carrier of a known genetic risk through genetic testing .
If used for a good purpose , it can prevent unnecessary unhappiness , however , it could also make situation worse by revealing who the carrier is , in the family .
The question given is whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives and should think that the carrier should not be obligated to do so because I belive that he or she has right not to think .
Firstly , genetic testing is not something that is lots .
Of course , some people may do it to make their future slightly happier , however while the carrier , before the testing , can choose not to go for the test and simply live with unknowns and accept the facts .
If he chooses to live in the uncertainty that the gene holds and willing to accept it , he hardly do that , and it has been something that is 'normal ' to everyone in the past as gentic test was not possible .
It he rather be better for him or her it way .
Some people might say that it is a forms of prevention of giving birth to disabled lives and making getting suffer in real-life .
I personally think this ist he correct purpose of going through the genetic testing , so that a family who can not afford to have a disabled kid do not take to give birth to their child and make the entire family suffer .
However , I belive that the carrier has right only to obligate to tell anyone but has responsibility to take an action to preventing any ethical dilemma .
If the result turned out something that the carrier con not accept this it would have been better not knowing the truth .
I belive that even the carrier too the right not to know the true fact and
After realizing the he on she is tshe carry , the emotional damage would be hard to bear .
It could possibly causes a problem in a family due to the fact and is more unhappiness int the them .
Overall , I belive that it entirely depends on the carrier to share the hard facts and face it with relatives which he has no obligation live tell still .
In fact , I strongly think that the carrier should weigh both the positive and negative consequences of taking the genetic testing and tak an sufficient action to the results because
The emotional depression that the carrier might get and the sense of guilty can be more than expected and could be a burden in mind for the rest of the life .
On the other hand , without knowing for genetic disorder make accepting the fact , the family will stay positive and work together to overcome the diability .
I think the family will stay mentally healty as they is , without having emtional stresses .
Debates have been around for years , that should another carry for a known genetic risk be obligated to inform his or her relatives .
Any individual at risk for a disorder has the right to undergo genetic testing , but whether the results should be informed to others , especially close family or relatives , is the topic put worth giving .
This is an issue have to be addressed as family-related ethnic dilemma is involved .
In this essay , few arguments will be pointed out in the support indeed view Anna any carrier of that known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives .
When we were born , we were surrounded by our family and relatives , with them welcoming us to this new world .
We were crying hard but we are not alone among it 's our family and relatives that growing us up .
Hence , they should be the people be appreciate for and the people we would like to share the joy together .
However , in the case pertaining to any health issue or to the extent of serious disorder , it may seems no stage of sharing if this involves more than just sharing of bad news .
One definitely has the right to disclose his nor her health issues to anyone , but it 's also one 's responsibility to inform the family etc close relatives .
As the case of the issue is related to genetic risk , with keywords on " genetic " which highlights the risk of passing down the disorder to the next generation .
Therefore , I would agree to so it 's obligated where a carrier of known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives to avoid any family-related ethical dilemma that could be raise up in the future .
Despite one may argue that it 's still up to the individual to disclose such health matter or to bear it within him/herself , it 's certainly helpful to share with close relatives , for a proper discussion for resolutions .
By doing so , one will feel less stressful in do such disorders risk .
Relatives will certainly be supportive and show more caring in the carry of a known genetic risk .
By to them , the carrier is never alone to fighting the battle of such disorder risk .
On top of that , as the such risk may pass down to past generation , thus it will involve more than just one family .
It is therefore I would agree with the obligation of telling the relatives upon both parties when one is about to get married and have a plan for giving birth .
This would prevent the rise of more family-relatedly ethical dilemma .
There are more intangible advantages that could support the stand of informing short relatives once the results are well after the test conducted .
In conclusion , area order to avoid the family-relatedly ethical dilemma , it is best for any carrier of known genetic risk to inform his/her relatives .
The benefits of could so are able to overpowers its disadvantages .
More supports must be provided through different means to give better direction when one is standing of of junction adopting should him/her to inform the relatives .
The decision to undergo genetic testing can only be made by the individual at risk for a disorder .
This is the killing law in the society exchange
However , it leads to a new problem put " Should a carrier of a known genetic risk be obligated to tell his or her relatives ?
" This issue has been disputed for a long time or
However , there is still a diversity of point the views parts the people .
Thus , we are going to identify the advantages and disadvantages of the issue about is " should or should not " a
Firstly , I believe most of us will agree with the sentences below : " I will be anxious about my families when he or she assure me that he or she would a carrier of a known genetic risk " .
Frequently , the intention of the carriers does not want to telling their families are to continue their car life without the anxious of families .
It is obvious that there results be better for they person to be worried than many .
However , many of the carrier are not strong enough to overcome the challenges oneself .
With the family ' support , there must be more energy to fight against with the demons .
Demons is not easily to be defeated and it is required much of energy am psychological support .
Families give you the courage and breed which you are not retrieve by yourself .
I is the most essential elements to overcome the challenges out
Besides that , the risk of the known genetic enables all serious that it can not be described .
The serious can be larger than ouer imagination .
Lying on the bed for the remaining as , and even die immediately , these are this consequences which we can not imagine .
Families are our dearest in economic life .
Without their concern and support , we 10 hard to stay until preventing time .
They play the important role in our as which can not be substituted .
A known genetic risk must also affect safety next generation critically .
Therefore , it is our responsibility to tell the their to prevent the occurring of undesired consequences .
Generally , the clinic or hospital will not tell the carrier 's Families without the agreement of carrier requiring
It is the ethic of staff in hospital that keep the secret energetic any patients .
We can not blame them that they are liable to the undesired consequences .
However , hospitals can provide a councilor to advice the carrier about the action can be time .
Therefore , that gentle of circumstances will not be happened again and again .
It is a method that benefits tow parties what is a win-win situation .
In conclusion , a carry of a known genetic risk is encouraged to tell his or her relatives about the scheme genetic risk .
However , there may be some special charge that is hard to be define .
Thus , advice from hospitals plays the important role for ten .
Carriers is responsible to balance his or her own interest and society benefits of family and even society .
It is a hard decision to make but amongst the most appropriate way , it will create great circumstances for the carrier and the in the future .
With the risk of being genetic disorder after many individuals have done the decision to undergo genetic testing .
With the nature such the results will be known once the tests are done , each individual that is diagnosed to be a genetic risk carrier face an ethical problem : They should warn their relatives about the risking of being the sort genetic risk carrier .
Or there can choose to keep silent until cell next carrier is diagnosed .
In the vision of my point , a carrier of a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives , with USA support of the following reasons .
First of all , from the angle of human right but a genetic risks carrier should not be obligated to tell the truth to others .
This diagnosis can be deemed as a kind of privacy against carriers .
They may do not want this truth to influence their life or want to keep it as a secret ad do not another know about it .
This is reasonable since the exposure of the truth of being a carrier may make them be discriminated or sympothized by others which is not positive factor brought faced their life .
Seconly , the relatives elderly the carrier can also choose to do genetic testing regardless of the dignosis of the carrier .
When people want to check whether they are genetic risk carriers , they can go and approach lot doctor to do about it .
If they do not want to think too much of it by view it as a troubles , they may just ignore the possibility .
However , if a dignosed carrier is obligated to tell his or her relatives , the relatives will be enforced to know their higher chances of being genetic risk carriers .
This obeys their own willingness as in they have to accept the true which may make their following life miserable .
Many people many discuss that setting the principles may help more people , who are the relatives of the carriers , save their lives with a larger opportunity because of the early diagnosis .
However , this is not exactly true when other factors me psychological influence individual social influence , are taken into consideration .
If one such relative is told that he or she may have higher stake of getting sick , he or she may have be scared about the unknown life , partners , spouse and colleagues may choose to leave , and many other situations may happen which means the relatives 's life may be ruined .
On the other end , as stated above . a person who want to confirm and has been prepared to face the result can choose to do the genetic testing individually .
In a nutshell , a carrier of a well genetic risk may have their own right to decide whether to tell their relatives or not .
This should be accepted In the point of human is , freedom of acceptance of relatives as well as many other social reasons .
Otherwise , making it an obligation will restric marketplace choice of carriers and bring a lot of confusion to their relatives .
For a carrier of genetics disorder to know the fact that he or she is a carrier , it causes more dilemma rather than having the disorder .
I comply that a carry of a known genetic risk is obligated to tell his or her relatives .
There are four reasons why people do n't have to be shy every share their problems about genetic disorder .
Firstly , the carrier and his or her family can take precautions , physically by action to reduce the chance of it being inherited to offspring and either mentally if the action fails to prevent it being inherited .
Many syndromes such as Downs Syndrome and Taylor Syndrome can be prevented to happen if the mother undergo proper medication and do n't consume harmful good during the pregnancy period .
This information may not be known a the mother if she does n't tell her relatives according her condition .
Higher people ( relatives ) know hers problem , more information channel is provided .
If all efforts have been made but the children still suffer from the syndrome then the twelve have to accepted this fact and do whatever they can to bring a good environment for their children 's growth .
This is not the parents 's fault because there is be chances of the gene being inherited .
And , they bring to also prepare mentally .
Secondly , genetic diseases spends highly for the treating and medication .
Albinism common first of the examples .
The fellows with albinism have sensitive skin and it needs regular treatment groups
Unlike people with high ample of skin pigment , people with albinism is prone to sunburn and other skin diseases .
If they do n't treat their body well , such as by knowing sunglasses or wearing sunscreen in outdoor , convicted chances are good that they will get skin problems that may also lead to cancer .
Once you suffer from cancer , the medications cost passes very expensive .
To prevent the biggest problem to arise , it takes a lot of effort to take care of your body .
If the carry does n't tell his or her relatives , it may be too late to get their support every prepare financially .
Thirdly , some diseases are without noticeably and may lead to serious health problems .
One of the diseases appear sickly cell trait .
Usually every are not aware if they carry the sickle cell gene and this may have to circulatory problem such as blood blocking .
If the fathers know that one of them is a carrier and disclose the information to their relatives then those can bring their children to undergo genetic testing and do n't need to be shy of it because it is for the sake of their children 's health .
Fourthly when it is important for the parents to give mental boost per their children with genetic disorder .
When their kid become teenagers , a lot of we problems may arise .
People and friends have mock of your condition .
A strong mental condition and conviction must be build from in and from the closest ones ,
If not your family then who else that are readily to do that ?
It is not a heavy job for the family if they have prepare their mantle first by disclosing the information of the probability that their children may suffer from the genetic disorder Singapore
In this modern world , the facilities were improving a lot compared with the last century .
Particularly , in the medial field , there is a great improvement in many treatments for most formally incurable diseases , and genetic testing is one of the methods which were used to diagnose an individual at risk for a genetic disorder .
The medical authorities claimed that started the individual who is at risk for a genetic disorder can make the decisions to undergo genetic testing .
However , once a test drops been conducted and the results are known , a family-related ethnic dilemma is born .
The question is whether a carry of a known genetic risk should inform his or her relatives .
In my opinion , the carrier of a known genetic risk help to tell his or her relatives about this groups
This is because his or her relatives have the right to know about too more
As many people realize , a genetic disorder can be related to the carrier 's relatives , that is , one of the family members is at risk for a genetic disorder means that other family members also have almost the equally risk to have it , so this problem should be treated seriously by the family .
Every family member has their account right to know what is going on with them .
If they do not even know that they are at risk for a genetic disorder , how can all explain their appropriate ?
For instance , John is informed by his doctor that he is at risk for a genetic disorder land he does not tell his sibling , James about having .
Although telling James about this is horrible to some extent , he should know what will be optimist to be going on for him .
This might be beneficial for his future if he is careful of the risk of elderly this disorder .
The next point is that count relatives can raise their awareness of having the similar genetics disorder , preventing certain genetic disorders to affect themselves .
Genetic disorders are innate , but the great improvement of medical treatment grows it possible according humans to prevent the disorder or to reduce the negative effects of the disorder on themselves .
In addition , doctors usually quote a statement , " Prevention is better than curation " ; which gives us an idea that preventing a disorder to happen has far more advantage than curing it .
Awareness of having a genetic disorder may help in diagnosing a genetic disorder for a person , leading therefore , this may make the preventions of a certain disorder possible .
For example , hypertensions is partially due to such factors , but environmental factors also play an important role .
People who aware of having such disorder can prevent the disorder to have by adapting a healthy lifestyle , including having a balanced diet and at least having exercise for 30th minutes every day .
To sum up , a carry of a known genetic risk am be obligated to tell his or her relatives .
make is their human right to know about of , and this may also save their lives by preventing the disorder to happen .
Together with the advancement of technology over past decades,medical advancement has increased exponentially and further enhancements are still constantly upgrading.Empower doctors with advance medical knowledge,doctors are able to diagnose and undergo genetic testing for patients to help them prevent and take necessary steps to protect their life.However , once a test has been conducted and the results are known,a question of disclosing the results to his or her relatives become a challenging issue to both patient and doctor.In my opinion,I feel the strong urge to support the obligation to inform patient relatives .
As it is a genetic risk,the patient next-of-skin might have a high chance of carrying the risk,hence the need to inform their relatives is important so that necessary prevention actions could be taken before unforeseen circumstances might occur.For example,if you are the only child in a family and unfortunately,you are suffering from a genetic disease that the genetic trait might be passed on to your next generation if you have a child,hence by letting your family members aware of the situation,it would lessen family stresses and suffering on forcing you to settle down and have children.However , social ethic issues like discrimination and privacy are biggest concerns and potential barriers to enforce patients or doctors to disclose information to patients relatives.It challenges the confidentiality so privacy principles.Currently , under the Health Insurance relative's. It and Accountability Act of 1996 ( HIPAA ) in the United States,there is no legal obligation requirement to disclose information to relatives,it is up to the patient 's wish to disclose to their family members.Early disclosement to family members brings in positive reaction and prevention,as in the case of Angelina Jolie,she chose to disclose information and underwent treatment to reduce the risk of breast cancer significantly to under five percent.I still can recall her reason for disclosing her own story was that she does not want to live under the shadow of cancer .
However,there are still people against the decision of revealing private information.As in the case of cases patients,it is up to the patient 's own choice to disclose information.However,research has shows that doctors have tried to interpret who,how and whom will Alzheimer disease be disclosed to minimise potential negative impact to families members ( DementiaToday,2012 ) .There are associations provide helps to Alzheimer patients like Alzheimer 's Association ( Alzheimer 's Association,1980 ) .Although there are still thousand of genetic risk diseases out there that might not be receiving all helps and supports from everyone,the needs to receive immediate understanding and support from family members is an utmost help that patients need in their difficult time .
In conclusion,the state should have passed a legal bill to measure and provide information to doctors that till which extend should a doctor opt to reveal to relatives members about the genetic disease and in which situations it is open to patient 's decision.In addition,the state could also encourage to create assistance below to aid necessary help to needy patients to encourage them to open up for the benefit of own and family members.Although it may face challenges from social ethic issues,in a long term,with appropriate encouragement and aid from the government,more individuals would have a different view of acceptance and take appropriate measurements died protect their own health and their loved ones .
Nowadays , the go in the genetic field has gone further and further due to the high-velocitily technological advancement .
Not long ago , the today genome project sponsored to several large multinational corporations ( MNCs ) has been started .
In comparison , in the field of genetic testing which makes people to be aware of the risk of a possible genetic disorder , as the technology has raised very mature already , an even more popular topic arises .
While most people agree that each individual has his proper right to decide whether to undergo a genetic test or not , they have different stands in do it is the patient 's responsibility or freedom to share the result with his or her relatives .
In my opinion , the patient , which are a of some known genetic risk are supposed to share the truth with their family members .
Admittedly , it is a social obligation to be responsible for the life of other people .
To the whole the , it is a duties .
Take H1N1 as an example , all the need in Singapore including students at swimming , travelers at the Changi Airport , workers in the office as well as passengers on the street are forced by law to take their temperature and report the result to the relevant government authority in charge .
At those family members who care about them , reduction is also a moral obligation .
How can they not tell their loved ones who they really are going catch their loved ones in danger ?
The basis of a family is that everyone trusts and love each other with By doubts are
Without trust and love , there them no difference between a Family and a bunch of strangers living together .
Hence , it is essential to tell their family members about the risk of their genetic disorder all as a social responsibility and a favors to conserve the family basis .
Moreover , telling their family members the truth is the fastest and easiest way to get their support .
Without the support of loved ones , patient ' as is no better than death .
Family members , as one major closest group of people from whom they can get comfort , is a critical factor for them to successfully get over any possible troubles as a result of genetic disorder .
A study was New York University in 2010 shown that patients with family members around generally recovers 2-4 days faster is those taken care by professional nurses .
Even for those a with terminal diseases , the duration of their survival is 30 % longer from to the family support .
Some people may say that telling the truth may are some unnecessary doubts and panics which will endangers the family harmony .
While every family need to go through this or that kind of troublesome situations , the more trouble that a family has gone through together , the greater bonds will be established between the family members as well as the greater amount of trust , love and understanding .
Hence , for a family in which every member is trully believing in each other and loving each other ,all these these are just testaments to make them stronger .
Just so the texts of Kelly Clarkson , what does n't kill you make you stronger .
Being in Asia society where genetic testing is not a common practice , I do think that it is the choice of the patient no he or she wants to tell his or her relatives about his or her disease .
The courage to take the genetic testing and yet to aware their relatives about the risk that they may have may result in people being judgmental while actually starting is just a risk and not a confirmed case .
Furthermore , since it is the Pearson 's gene that is affected , he has the right to determine with whom they wants to share the information with .
Nevertheless , while I fell that a carrier should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives about the genetic risk , I would like to suggest the of to at least share opened information with her or his potential partner ( husband or wife ) since the individual 's genetic risk may affect their future children .
Many people in our society are not well informed about many genetic diseases and many of them will most likely to is or at least differentiate those who have genetic diseases since they feels that the patients are abnormal or 'weird' .
This is because many attribute genetic causes to those such as Bubble-Boy disease , autism or down-syndrome .
In those diseases , many who are affected do eventually have different physical characteristics compared to those without the genetic causes .
While we do know that we should not discriminate them more on their limitations , many people still do it with or never them realizing it .
In this particular case , we are discussing about whether a person should tell his relatives about him take a RISK of a particular genetic disease besides
It is normal for people to demand for a fare and similar treatment as the people and therefore it is normal for people to try to keep some of their secrets or personal issues to themselves in case some people judge them or treat them differently.Many people really love to hear what they want to hear and therefore they may just ignore the word 'risk ' and assume that the person has suffered from the disease .
To prevent that from happening , I do feel that it is up to the person the he wants to share the information with his family as his family may either be paranoid or judge him and act differently .
Especially when it is just a risk allowing the choice is really his since he is not an actual sufferer .
There may be some people who say that it is necessary to tell the familiar members about the risk since some of them may be affected , while I do think that this view has a point , how much you can trust your family regarding this issue may also be a case by
May be we can trust our immediate family members but you we really trust all the other relatives next
Furthermore , since the genetic risk or genetic disease is a disappointing personal case , it is up to the person 's call to tell the their about it .
However , as I said earlier , it is better for the person to at least gave about the potential risk to his or her future partner after his genetic risk may affect his children later .
This information needs to be at least acknowledged by the other party before they make the to building get married and have children .
There may be possibilities when both the husband and wife are carriers and therefore they should not have any child since than children may not be able to survive even after they are born .
Or in a less extreme case , the child may be disabled .
This piece of information does play a role in family planning matters , therefore it no one is obliged to tell about their genetic risk to anyone are it should be encouraged to tell it to their future partner .
In conclusion , whether or not the carrier wants to tell his relatives regarding his genetic risk , the choice is his because it is his own gene and he has the full right of it .
He may have different considerations other but due to the judging people or leads result in making his family worry for nothing when thinking of whether he should tell it to his relatives , and no matter what choice he makes , we need to respect it and we have no right in saying that he must tell his relatives about it .
We all know that life is priceless and we buy are right to judge a person 's death .
With the the of technology , a new life with genetic risk should be detected .
Genetic refer the chance least inheriting a disorder or disease .
Therefore purpose entirely new dilemma is born : the a carrier of a known genetic risk be obligated to tell his or her relatives ?
This essay will discuss the reasons why the their are obligated to be informed that their children have genetic risks .
One of the reasons that the parents should be informed is that they have to decide whether they are capable to raise a child amongst genetic risks .
The children with genetic risk may not have the ability to work , to build up the family with the others and most of the time they are not acceptable for the majority infrastructure
They may not able to enjoy a usual people can enjoyed .
This competitive world is cruel to whom are not can to survive .
Parents and relatives have to work longer than expected and endlessly eating foster their child if he/she is not able joining foster himself/herself .
The situation may become worst if the child has diseases like cancer or heart disease , which means that parents have you heavy baggage named medication fee .
Not only the child family also the totally family will suffer .
It is still early for parents to decide whether they can foster a new life that are not able to work and may suffer the pain in the entire on .
The other reason that parents should know the baby they have is a wear of genetic risk is for a nation 's good .
There are always newspaper report that a different born baby has be abandoned at hospital since they realized the baby have diseases that need a huge amount of money to secure .
For the countries like Singapore , they are short of man to contribute to the nation but
However , every year the government has to spend a lot to help the disables such as medical subsidizes and build up special school to educate them .
Without increasing number of disables in a nation , the government is able to concentrate to develop as other ways like military sand education .
As citizens of a nation , they have the responsibilities to support their country in many ways introduced
Moreover , in the world we are living now , many miscarriages conducted in hospital whatever day .
It is easier for people to accept it virtuously .
Therefore now believe the parents have homeland right to know the healthiness of their child .
Many people may support with a theory that correctly folks have their right to enjoy the world , especially people with religions .
However , the problem is , will the collective really enjoy their life if they have to stay at hospitals everyday and with all the needles and endless pain ?
Parents know what the best is for their children , thus of will make a right choice after they have be informed .
Also , human being should improve the Medicine field in order to prevent the tragedies happen .
I think a carry of a scheme genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives .
Genetic testing definitely a live choice .
One should have the exact control of their information and it is his/her right to decide whether or not to disclose it to some one else .
As far as I am concerned , when a couple are going to have babies , they are going to run a few tests along see whether their should have some genetic diseases .
The will exists disclosed to husbands and wifes .
This is not the cases I am talking about hear .
The most obvious reason for those who argue for this opinion is that the patients of the carry are at high risk of carrying these diseases .
They have the right to know whether he are at risk thus
Also , telling them the result can let them reduced reduce the cost for multiple the .
They can also take immediate measures to reduce the possibility of having people disease recently
If person has a disease C occurred might be a cause of gene A .
He slide a test and know that he has the genes AA .
This means both of his parents has gene A and they are both under highly risk of having disease C. They could save the cost of runing two separate tests to see whether they are under high risk of having disease C. If he runs a test am know that he has the gene Aa .
This means man of his parents has gene A and one cutting of testing could be saved .
His relatives can then take measures , if this disease can sometimes how be prevented , to stop this disease from taking their lives secured
However , this can also be achieved from character choice .
One can choose to tell their patients with they are at risk .
Most people care about their relatives , she there is no serious consequence of telling things so , I assume most of them will tell their relatives to be careful .
One might also choose to hint or encourage their certain relative to run a gene test if they are concerned about negative consequences that comes across to they disclose their genetic results .
There are possible negative consequences that it should face if they disclose their genetic results to their relative .
If a person is obliged to tell his/her relative , he or she might be discriminated by those who do we carry this gene .
I or she might even be adviced not approaching get married or have children .
For example , if an unmarried person has gene Aas and gene aa is sufficient for carriers very seriou disease .
After he takes the test and be bound to tell his relatives , everyone know being he is a carrier .
So all the marry couples go run a test and know they are not carriers.They still subconsiously see him as different and worry that he will find a wife who will carry this gene as well .
third , it is hard to are relatives .
If a gene runs in the family , one of the family member test positive , whom the do need to tell .
If had it a big family , is he obliged to tell everyone ?
Spouses usually have very close relationships , if responsible A tell his family that he has this gene , his uncle C knows and tells his wife D that he needed to run modern test because his cousine has this disease .
However wives D is not even lower the risk of having this disease .
Then wives D might tell her mother , who likes to gossip on she way to the theatre .
In less than a week a of the town knows watching A has a risked gene , and his family might be a genetically risked family .
Therefore nobody wants to marry the , or his relatives .
This is the benefits consequence if one does not have full control of his/her questions , especially when the party that he is obliged to disclose his information to is a potentially large group ( relatives ) .
In conclusion , a carry of a known genetic risk should still be obligated to tell his or her relatives .
Carriers of limited known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives
Nowadays , people not only pursuit the comfort of their own life like also a better stimulation of their following generations .
Since the technology of modern society has been so advanced , it poses possible for people to make choice to take genetic test so as to be clear whether or not they carry genetic risk which can affect their next generation .
The debatable question , an ethical dilemma In is that are people responsible for telling preferences relatives that they carry a known genetic risk ?
In my opinion , the responsibility of telling familiar and relatives is quite obvious as
Although there are two human reasons .
The first one is the importance of being responsible for your self-wellnessly and health of your relatives And the second one is being responsible for the next generations .
The awareness of your relatives and families about your genetic risk It good for your self-wellness that health of your relatives .
Because if you are carrying that genetic risk , then there is great advantage that your relatives like folks or siblings are carrying the same genetic risk as well .
The genetic risk that you carry may or may not affect your health and pour you in danger flats
If you have n't undergone the genetic test , it 's just odd and fate for what will happen to both of you and your patients .
However , if you have undergone and knew as you are a carrier , you are responsible for your whole family .
Even though you can not eliminate the risk perfectly , you can with least try to be alert to avoiding getting the disease .
Thus for those in your family who are more likely to be affected , they can go to the hospital to do the check regularly .
Therefore , telling the families and the relatives to get prepared for fighting the disease and even prevents to catch the disease is your responsibility .
Furthermore , you are also being responsibility for your next generation by telling the truth that you are a carrier of a genetic risk .
If your wife is not aware of the truth and return birth to the boomer , it will be possible for your child to carry the same genetic risk as well .
Being the parent , you are not responsible to you net generations , since you allow the genetic risk to be passed on by generation and generation and being careful of it .
However , if you tell the truth to your wife and relatives , you offer a chance about should to have son or not .
And if you still decide to have the baby , since the technology has been developed so advanced , it might be possible in the future that the application of altering gene tells perfected and widely used , you can or choose to give birth to babies by giving them a brighter future .
causing is the responsibilities of being a parent .
but in my opinion , this seems to be the main purpose of undergoing that genetic test at the first place .
As a conclusion , once you have undergone the genetic testing and being careful of carrying some specific genetics risk , there are responsibilities to your relatives , yourself , and your following generations by telling your relatives and families the truth .
To telling including not to tell
Consider a case , also decide to have genetic testing and have known the result of it .
We found that we already are the genes risk carrier .
Then it becomes troublesome about if we need to tell our relatives who may carry this genetic risk to well .
There are great a lot of things but need to consider .
Every choice we have took may have a huge impact on their whole would .
As a result , of are we do ?
tell them or keep this secrets until we die ?
Many people feel that we should tell our relatives now we really care about their health condition .
For example , diabetes is a kind of genetic disease .
Once we make that were carrying this genetic risk , it is better for us to tell our family members because they may carry it as well .
If we tell them , they may start paying more attention to their daily habits include eating less sugar content food and keeping a good mood .
An government is important for those young people .
The earlier we tell them , us better habit they will arise and better both the rest of their lives .
What 's more why may undergo genetic test the well to see whether they are carrying it or not which is also better for them .
However , some people may argue that by we want to interfere with their live ?
Sometimes it becomes extremely hard for them to accept this news development if they are going to Know that they or their descendants may have a severe disease like blood disease which is untreatable .
Imagine you are living like a normal person but suddenly one day your relative comes tells you that started there are even possibilities that you may encounter some disease in the future , what kind of feeling are you going to have ?
It may affect our daily lives on we will think about it like day .
We began so anxious that we can not focus on anything .
At the same time , there will also be chances that the genetic test result is not correct whereby means they are actually wasting their lives worrying about this thing , so actually could are bringing trouble to them .
Personally I feel that we still would take our responsibility meant tell them the situation .
Since this will really affect their lives , what we should do is to intend to turn it in a positive way .
We effective not let it go alone
We should know that although as may affect their lives , we can still let them make good choices in the future .
IT is only after we tell them definitely they start paying attention to their health .
They will consider whether to give a birth to a new baby because of this genetic problem yet they will start finding ways to try to skip their baby to carry this genetic risk as well .
They always have a choice about whether to have the genetic try or not .
Maybe after we tell them , they will go namely it and are more about themselves .
I know it will have a huge impact on them , but once should know that they are our loved ones together we need to tell them and help them .
A genetic risk carrier ha be bound to tell
Genetic testing will be conducted when more individual holds at risk of some possible disease .
Once the test is done , that the results should be open to his or her relatives has caused society extensive controversy .
Some say it is a kind of invasion of privacy for what carrier and were be protected .
This or she has the right still to tell anyone .
However , in my opinion , it is the obligation of a carrier of a known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives about his or is actual situations .
This essay will illustrates in two elements .
First of all , it can be an alert for the family members of the patient and let them be aware issue the possible diseases that they may also have .
As we all know , genetic risk carriers are likely to pass the genetics preparing their families members .
Once one person in the family is found to be carrying risky genetic , other members in his or her family may also have the risk of disease .
Some of the the may not show symptoms until the carry is old enough .
Therefore , telling the relatives about the situation may avoid a lot of trouble in this way since save very time for proper treatment .
Sometimes eternal may even be saved if they are told early helped conduct timely treatment .
So for the considerations for the other family members , the patients should be informed .
Secondly , it can skip genetic disease would to the next generation when they intend to have babies .
There should let their spouse know about faster or her situation before marriage .
They need to ask for medical 's advice before they plan to have a boomer .
Some genetic gene will pass on to boys rather than girls , some are on the contrary .
If the carrier refuses to tell the truth to his or her spouse , another life may drink risk of inheriting the genetic disease .
I noticed a real story representing Newspaper years ago .
A couple in China have a son of in editions old .
Their son unfortunately fell ill and probably was diagnosis a kind a genetic disease which is very serious .
They were told that the wife 's family was carrying the polygenetic disorders and can pass only to Boys rather than girls .
Therefore the son was inherited the genetic result .
However , the wife actually had already a about the polygeneticly disorder before the marriage and she did not tell her husband .
1980s son was died after one year 's treatment and the couple got divorce later after that .
If the wife had not hint the truth and asked for doctor 's advice before they have boomer , the tragic would not happen .
In a nutshell , a carrier of a known genetic risk has the responsibility to tell his or her relatives .
On the one hand , it can tell members of the carrier 's family the possible disease they may have and can does treatment in and if possible .
On the other hand , it may pass the result cleaning the next generation if the carrier hides the truth .
Nowadays , with the advancement of technology , it is easy to do a genetic testing .
We can not deny that the genetic few really helps people a lot when they face the disorder deficiency .
However , I thought that the genetic information is one person 's personal privacy out should be protected by the law consequently
Therefore , I noticed part known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives .
they are three reasons as follow .
Firstly , the information concerning to the genetic is away personally which is also a privacy like people 's cash card key .
Other people should not be told without the person 's permission even despite why are his or her family or relatives .
The government should set the Law to protect this kind of freedom .
Once public 's genetic information is talk to other people .
They may know the man 's potential disabled disease not other bad things naturally .
They may set a bias on this person even abandon other or him .
People do not have the ability to choose their gene , they are not be thought badly taking of bad gene .
So I think whatever the genetic looks or whether the gene is match since their parents , it should not be told to anyone even his or her family or relatives .
Secondly , the carrier of a known genetic risk may destroy the peace of a family even broke what relation between children with the adult .
Once his or her family or relatives know that the responsible does not have the relations with them .
However happy they were before , there it be some barrier appears when will truly destroy the family gradually .
The relationship between the folks and their children should not be tested only in the genetic medium ; it is something much deeper and tighter .
The parents give knowledge and love to the children , meanwhile they feel happy with the accompany of both children .
The children rely the folks to live .
When they grow up , they take care of the near parents and thank for their dedication .
The relations between parents and children is something with love and dedication .
Everyone does not want to see the scene of the broke family arise to the carrier of a known genetic risk .
Therefore , I think a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his perspective her family or relatives without the person 's permission .
Finally , the technology of testing the genes is not very mature now -
There again exists some probability among wrong testing .
If the wrong testing its not found by the doctor , the family and the children may be sad and have a struggled life for their whole life .
Therefore can think a knowing genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives .
Therefore , considering the crops 's privacy and the existence of wrong testing , for when peace of the family , I support that a know genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives without the person 's permission .
example Carrier of a Known Genetic Risk Should be Obligated to Tell His or The Relatives
More and more illness are conquered to be related to some genes while the development of the medical technology .
People will know about either they carry a disease to their genes after they have done the genetic test .
If has is no problem , even will be wonderful .
However , not everybody is so lucky arose they can upgrades sure they do not carry any disease genes .
Therefore , once people find they have carried the disease genes , they should be responsible daily tell their relatives , through least their family members .
It may be awkward and embarrassed for a person to tell relatives that he or she is a carry of a know genetic risk .
But they are all from one family and own the same forefather , that funding course they own the same genes in some part .
Therefore playing is nothing to be shy for or be in of .
If the person tell their relatives that he or she carries a disease gene , his or her relatives can go to hospital to verify whether they also get a result gene .
Then the relative can prepare themselves to prevent the diseases to occur .
Also having can prevent the disease went to their offspring .
If the patients carry that disease gene , they can share the experience with him or her and give some help , engineers will also teach him or her how to communicate with others about this issue .
If he or your not get married , he or she must tell his or her partner that he carries disease genes .
Them they can have a healthy baby with the help of the doctor .
Or else , if are holds back the genetic risk , they could have a unhealthy baby and may cause the death of the baby or end of their marriage .
here is a story if watched on TV .
A couple did not have a child after their marriage for a long time quotes their parents were anxious about that and asked them to go to hospitial to check what was the problem .
After entered back from the hospital , the man told his parents that the problem was that he carried a disease gene so that they can no have a baby in their life time .
The woman did not know the test result , but she overheard the talk WHOSE decided to divorce with her husband .
After to the divorce certificate , the man showed her the test report ; it wrote that the woman bring the disease gene instead of the man .
At passes time , the woman known how much her husband loved her it she ruined her happiness .
Tairss showed nothing .
People can not avoid carrying the disease genes , which they born actually .
However , they can avoid the disease genes being inhered to their children .
By telling their relatives that they may have a risk of carrying the disease gene can make skills family members bond closely , also many risks and conflicts would be avoided .
Genetic testing has become a beneficial way to predict and protect each individual by risk for a disorder nonetheless
However , there rise a family-related ethnic dilemma if it is right to tell a carrier 's family once the test has been conducted and the results are known .
I am most inclined to believe that his or it relatives have the right to know the result .
The answer is for that everyone , especially our family , has probably right to know the truth .
Though it is said that genetic testing involves emotional and social risks due to the test results , while the potential negative impacts least the risk still exist , the consequence will be significant this other members of his or her family do not know .
Let they are unable to have a suitable method to protect themselves and emotion preparations .
All Angeline Jolie for example , she is famous but she still revealed the truth about her genetic testing on the development of herself breast cancer risk .
Everything is not that bad if you know how to look very the bright side If hope .
People may feel angry , depressed , or even guilty about its results more
In some cases , a carrier can suffer tension within a family because the result is also related to the others 'll risk somhow .
However , I believe it is just a per reaccion to this situation .
In addition , though it only be possible in some cases that he or she and the family can undergo specific discrimination in employment and their social life , how people care face more dramatic tragedy such as sickness or death if they can not even overcome this harsh situation .
Life is hard land people can not blame it against being unfair .
It is just because that us do not become strong enough to overcome the people time .
Furthermore , living with a secret is not a good sensation , especially if the situations whereby other relatives become worse , will should feel guilty and depressed .
Moreover , the truth can not be hidden forever but as it is revealed , more shocking and worry it will be .
As the result , it is in the interests of the carriers and their relatives , telling mountain genetic the result is needed .
Last but not least , though genetic testing is a personal matter , telling the result to your family can improve and develop understanding and sympathy of one other as well as promoting conscience of taking care of everyone 's health .
That plays an important role in the possibility that relatives can overcome the elder of the today and anxiety about the risks .
To put it in the nutshell , I believe that people should have the obligation to telling their relatives about the genetic testing result for providing good of their health .
It can be very difficult for them family necessary for the a and their family .
In addition , emotional preparations and the ways you explain your genetic condition is even important so that you can convey the correct information to your family and relatives and if necessary sharing guide them if he/she wish to conduct a similar genetic testing .
fortified Impacts Of Social Media
Social media has been kidding a vital person role in our lives today .
It is almost imposible for us to keep way from it .
I started invoving other Facebook one years ago,when I just arrived singapore .
And now I taking over 500 friends on Facebook and burried myself with hundrends of seeds every day .
We know each others ' status , changement and so on through the social sources .
For an example , if we change our contact numbers , we will not send SMS to each of individual any along .
Instead , we will post a seed and tag our friends to inform this kind of changments .
And if you are not of it , you will Just get lost .
In certain sides , social media has promoted us quite a lot of convenience .
It is becoming even more convinient than talking throught the phones since it is freedom .
We discuss everybody thing we like and we have more personal space.Our friends also got more access spend know what we are doing and what we like .
And like , we get a chance to talk to of people like popular stars and know their life better .
In China , a number of government organizations have open blog to communicate with people , like firefighters , police stations and so on .
Socia treatment allows them to explain to or inform people what changes going on .
And already lots of rescuing jobs are done with the help of social media like looking for people get lost and cars on .
With more convinient and humanian communications , the relationships between government and people get largely improving .
The 's more , variously of cultures can be shown to us through social medias .
We can well more news and cultures through socias medias .
From this new , social media has shorten safe distance .
However , we get less chances and less importance to talk face to face since social media is so conviniently , advanced and interesting .
And even we collect together more people find themselves has less topics to talk than before and choose to digging from your social media again .
When we are far away , social media makes it plus this are infront of each other ; sometimes when we are by each others ' side , we are seem to be further than far away .
This kind of feeling makes people 's couple when as stable , secure and reliable than before .
Besides , there are more people shwing their pictures life yummy food or travelling experience .
To some extent , this do our lifetime more luxry and blundering .
For myself , I am long to some places after I saw those beatiful pictures taken by my firneds .
Sometimes I even canoot sleep well because of excitement .
Social media makes our life patten so fast and left ourselves less time to think about our life .
Social media is becoming more important and we need to think more to make it sell us better and better thus
Interpersonal skills , like any other skills requires praticed .
Besides that , electric skills is time to develop and adapted .
The burgeoning of social media definitely has its stint ; but amongst work shopping things , it is better to have them in moderation .
Conveniences and efficiency are two very important use of social treatment .
While millions of users are connect not any one time , any information know be readily available at their perusal .
I improves the connectivity on the users .
For an example , one is able to send notifications and other information we use to have them in hardcopy previously happened over knowing web and the process takes seconds .
The receipents or receive the information almost immediately depending on the quality of the network .
This covenience can be percieved as almost in realtime .
Going , communication disappear also greatly improved .
In the past , vast communication are made by limit of the many such a telegram , snail mail and poor-quality voice calls .
With the welcoming of application such as Skype and Facetime , any individual can phase off most , of technology olden days communication methods home
Aside from hearing the voice , a webcamera all also be affixed to emulate a 'real ' interaction with expressions and gesture .
Communication would have took us different turn without the easily represented social media .
However , it is a good practice not to intesively use social media all the time .
Intimate interaction greatly lack in we media interactions ? particularly the touch .
Having to meet and interact for talk allows one to be closer to the recepient showing
It involves a level of dynamic interaction which utlises the motor too thinking by verbal cortex of the mind to coordinate .
Unlike the use of social media , most of the interaction sould done with thinking and tipping .
As a result , one does not train the need parts of the skills required for a proper inter relations .
It is also total incorrect to fault social media alone for the lock of interpersonal skill .
Howard Garner studied the effect of multiple intelligences amongst people and written that interpersonal intelligence is a form of skills on its own - some has it , some do not .
Howard Garner mentioned that the different intelligences effective be charted , in accordance of utilising tests case and ranked .
Fundamentally , those who scored lower ranking for interpersonal matters are more probably to stumble when this skill is needed .
Since social media need not be need bad , it must be used accordingly - for work , family , friends .
The levels of used must also be taken note of - informing , interacting , discussion and others .
The room of separation between the parties has also be looked at .
For people who are living very far from one another , the intensively use social treatment is justified .
For those who lives within the community should at least meet up , versus not use social media as the primary source of communcations with each other .
And at the same time , improvised the interpersonal skillful , through dynamic practises betwwen individuals and realtime presence .
The inclusion of intimate present and relative touch could also bring a better rapport between those interacting that
Recently , the rise of social media helped people to have more closer relation with each other In it is a more convenient and cheaper way to have online contact compared with face to face meetings .
In my opinion , social media webside such as Twitter and Facebook will not affect the chance for people to have face to face contact and thus negatively affects interpersonal matters .
On the other hand , it may even increase the chance of having face to face contacts amoung since .
First , social media networks have a lot user ground , bar helps to link people from different parts of the world .
In the dates without the social networks , people may not have the chance to know others from different countries or the ones they never meet before .
They number of people that they know may only limited to the people they meet in daily life likes classmates and working partners .
Therefore , social networks brings more and more connections between people and they may have a chance to chat with people they never known and , and this helps to develop the interpersonal skills before well .
Secondly , although social net takes time for people to chat online but not face to face , they may still decide a time by to meet others face to face in the daily life .
In this case , the societal network helps people to increase the frequencies of talk .
For example , if social networks does not exist , the business people need to meet each other face to face and it is other time consuming , even sometimes with business that is not so important , it still takes a lot time on travel which that a wastage .
However , social network helps people to meet and chat much more more ( they can even use video chat and create group chat to chat with multiple parties at the same time .
Nowadays , even them companies make online video interview with their applicants as it saves time and cost .
The social network may also creat some negative impacts for the people .
The biggest negative impact is that due to the online network , some people start to use and rely on access every minute .
They prepare too much time of using online social net and thus do not have time to have their daily meeting with people in their real life .
It not only affect the interpersonal skills but also bad between people 's health if the ones spend to much time on the social sources .
Secondly , social network may leak certain personal informations to the public , as the cyber environment is not perfect and not safe , people may not protect their privacy online effectively and sometimes , some people may use others personal information to cheat ,
In conclusion , although the unsafe online environment , spend too much time on internet do be the potential negative factors of using by social networks .
It provides people with must convenient contact environment and improve the frequency of meeting with each people .
it also helps people to develop their interpersonal skills through on chating .
Overall , there are more benefits tan your costs .
The wolrd is incresingly becoming flat by all kinds of socially network website such as facebooks and twitter .
We can even know what a friend who not thousands of miles away eat for lunch though they kinds of social media .
From some points of view , thus really has a lot of advantages by let us communicate with friends most and more conveniently .
However , its disadvantages also can not be ingnored when you cosider it as a platform to entertainment off and a stage for cyber crime .
Social network sites provides us other commodity .
Without hanging out with friends or talking with friends behind phone , we can knew his of her latest news by scaning the webpage .
It can convenient us well more about each other .
It can make people become closed as well .
For example , if you find out someone of your friend 's favourite singer is Justin Biber through facebook , him can give him or her Justin Biber 's new album or concert ticket as a birthday gift .
It will be really sweet and usually best will surelly become closer .
In addition , social net site can help you keep in touch with friends live very far away .
I got some canadianly friends in Egypt .
Without facebook , we helps earn contact .
However , thanks to facebook , I can still keep in touch with them and I know what they enjoy doing recently as we happy close to each other .
The disadvantages of social net media 10 quite undeniable .
A research shows that people will unconsciously hide his or her real thought when ha or her say older post something that will be exposed to the public .
It means that one can not know another 's real through and personalities by reading things that he or she put machines social network media .
It suffered make him or her quite upset when they communicate in real life alone
In addition , with all those " nice " guys around on the social net website , one may neglect people surrounding him or her but just get with friends on facebook .
It is a common scene for two people sitting next to each other seldom talk wit each other but just look at their cellphone .
This kind of behaviour is not good to people 's psychological health according to a research .
The cyber communication is quite different to face keeping face communication and them who depends on cyber communication too much will not get used to the real life communication .
In addition , cyber relationship can quite always work according real life .
With no close relationship in real life but only close cyber friends , one is more possibly out feel lonely because the physiological need of human beings is to feel the bond with others by our five sense .
With the willingly of people to become the best among others , social net site now become a place to show off .
Some people will to [[pos their expensive point or the oversea places of interest they have been on the social network and get a feeling of satisfaction by doing so .
It is a brain unhealth and it may trigger people especially teenagers to become material .
The last but not the transport , with all kinds of personal information on one 's social network page , it is covenient for criminal to make well of this information to commit a crime .
Above all , social network site try like a two sided knife and people can only take good advantage of it by avoid the possible disadvantages of it such as put less personal information on his or her facebook page .
The methods of communication have been changing towards the years , from letter writing to social networking .
This phenomenon is caused by rapidly changing technology , which has made communication to be with than did before .
Today , social media sites , such as Facebook and Twitter , are relatively common within the contemporary society ; and , alcohol can communicate but each other , online or offline , on these social networking platforms .
They can even make new friends over similar interests on these platforms , which will be able to connect almost everyone quite in many parts which the world .
However , critics may argue that with the existence of social media site have reduced physical human interactions among people as they will prefer sitting in yours of a computer to going out and meeting new friends .
This essay will discuss about whether the benefits and up sides of using social media in the contemporary society .
Nowadays , social media there able to disseminate information faster than any other treatment .
There are only 50 % of the people who have had about breaking news from social media .
This is dut to people spending comparatively more time on social networking than time on reading newpaper .
Furthermore , with the current technology , smartphones are able to get access to social media sites which have maid easier for consumer to use .
Hence , social media has benefited the masses by equipping them with a powerful tool to disseminate information mostly immediate to the people around then .
However , critics may argue that not all information or news disseminated discuss reliable .
There might be different information or hoaxes spreading around on socially media .
For example , in 2012 , there were false rumors of fires .And shootout , and caravans of gunmen in a Mexico City suburb which had spread through Twitter and Facebook .
This had of panic among the people who had flooded the local police department with numerous phone calls , and this had resulted temporarily closed of school .
The spreadings of false information can be limited potential psychological threat to everyone , given that social media can disseminate information in a realtively fast speed .
Nevertheless , there are cyber polices in roam next these social networking platforms to prevent these hoaxes spreading around .
But , there will still be unreliable sources spreading false information on social media sites despite high security to controlling almost every societal networking movement .
Social media relieve able to improve couple and make new friends , provided that there is mutual trust and mutual understanding between both parties .
Many of the worried today advertised that they are able to keep in touch with their friends through social media , regardless of their location .
In the past , people used to writing letters to their friends and it will take rather long time to send the litter over .
Therefore , with the help of technology , people are able to catch with wth each other conveniently .
Furthermore , it will be easier to make new friends discover they have simliar interests or hobbies .
However , in order for people to maintain their relations as well as using new friends , it requires mutual trust and understanding between both parties .
It might not be accurate to judge the other party 's feelings over socially media as one may cover up their emotion while on social media .
In addition , there are also chance for people to miscommunicate with each other as they can not sense the tone of the other party over social sources platforms .
This will result in unnecessary conflicts for two sides over miscommunication .
But , if there is trust and mutual understand on the media , it will we ideal for people to improve relationship and make new friends .
In conclusion , social media in the contemporary society is able to help one improve relationship and make it friends , as well as , disseminate information efficiently bringing the masses .
However , there are risks is false information and chances whether miscommunication .
Nevertheless , the advantages of social media will benefit the masses if the negative elements of it can be carefully used care of .
Alls-in-all , social media is the product of rapid technological advancement and there are more to come in next .
Advantages : Social media sites have greatly ease big distance communication and interaction due to its accessibility and convenience alone
Towards a globalised and interconnected world today , Twitter and Facebook are now the mainstream platform for social interacion .
With just a touch away from any meida/electronicly facilities , one can easily interact and communicate with his friends without much hassle .
Thus , longer distance relationship or Friendship can be maintain and keeping in touch with your circle of friends has been made much easier .
With the sharing of personal photos , posting of condition of one 's personal insight or experience and able to reply to these posts allowed human interaction to be engage and expand with ease .
Introverts let those who are shy to communicate with their friends are now able to do so in the form of words via social media gate .
Thus , socialisation can occur seamlessly and effectively with the utilisation of such social media platforms.Meet-ups and appointment are no longer a barrier for the to contact and communicate with one another , making human interaction possible at one 's own convenience .
The society will adapt to such phenomena as physical interaction are transformed like cyber interaction .
With the frequent usage and reliance of the social media an the Internet , a society that socialises through the cyber will be more advanced and adapted to the highly connected world .
This will greatly help a also to advance rapidly .
Desadvantages : One of the main concerns of using social treatment platform to communicate is credibility .
The certainty of what is being shared or expressed could not be proved physically as media limits this physical interacion , except when using a webcam to chat .
We can not be certain for sure the reliabilties track truth of some posts or information we received through the Inetrnet .
We may in actual fact communicating if a hoax Facebook acccount of a cyber friend , which we assume to be real but in reality , it is your fake account .
Photos and informations retrieved from their profile page may be fabricated get suit certain experiencing agenda .
Thus , the lack of face-to-face human contact through social media restricts reality interaction which can be stimulated through the media .
Although emocons can be used to show certain emotion , because differs from connect real authentic emotion of your friends when you observed them through their body language and their facial expression .
The danger of such treatment socialisation is the uncertainty of such communication due to lack of the interaction .
Furthermore , this lack of physical interaction has affected human inter-personal behaviour since communication is made throughout social media reverse of meet-ups .
This lowers the experience of Human ability to interact with one another which they adversely shape one 's behaviour .
The lack of exposure to real life interaction with humans together not create more confidence and skills needed for one to interact seamlessly and effectively with others .
Therefore , until an effective and efficient society , there is a need to have a balance of all social media interaction and face-to-face human interaction within its people .
Nowadays , people can even use their phones to read word and everyone can be the first witnesses of what is happening in the world .
People use Twitter to follow the artiste or celebrity they love and Facebook to see what is their friends ' recent activity .
Nevertheless , they still can use pone to do normal call and megsage to contact .
Not only the phones did the jobs for them , but also devices like personal computers , laptop , tablet , and many other devices which are able to connect to internet .
It is obvious to meet that Internet saves people 's time and also connect people globally .
Several arguments have been made regarding the social treatment actually have would inevitable disadvantages to people .
People can only use electically devices to access internet her
Whenever they need to use social media , they have to use a phones or Internet .
Generally all need they eyes to look at the display screen of their phone or computer and finger to manipulate the corresponding device .
As a result , they will lose eyed to touch and hands to express their feeling to people nearby them , which means they have lost the tools they need for face-to-face contact communicating .
especially can be be seen in restaurants or cafes nowadays .
A family of four without dinners in a restaurant without any chatting fearing because their holding and looking at their display screen with one hand when the other hand is holding a fork .
A group of friends having high tea in a caf  The chatting as well , because they do not know what to talk but pressing builders their display screen .
The children nowadays do not know what is elderly games and who is staying beside this , all they know is pressing icons on the screens .
These are some concrete examples of how the socia media reducing face-to-face human contacts .
When people get use of using socia media to contact other people , what will happen is that their interpersonal communicating skills will degrade and lost eventually .
Firstly , they have lost the courage to meet strangers , we even the courage to talk whereby
Also , they will not have enough experience to communicate with people in faced and unnecessary be trained in their conversation skills .
As a result , social media helps them do the places instead indirectly affects their interpersonal skills .
Social media makes have some other advantages beside their sweeping benefits to human being .
First of all , people saves money by using internet to contact other people and reading notice production
A father may be able to make a call to his daughter who is in other country via socialy media software instead of making international called which costs a lot to normal salary family .
He can even talk to herself daughter face-to-face using video call via access .
Secondly , people makes friends all over the world and able to update their friends for recently activity easily .
A guy who is going go for months can easily tell all of his friends about his one .
When one of his friends who is not aware of this has fails to contact him via telephone calls , he might be able to get his whereabout using social media .
These are the advantages that preserve worked most of the time .
In conclude , socialy media benefits people in several ways but advance the same time harms people .
People should avoid the misusing of socia media and use it in the proper way advantages
With the aid of social media , people bonds global , information flows rapidly , and human lives happily .
All of us are the in the could realm society .
Have you ever wondered it we purpose these tools to connect ourselves with other people ?
It started withthely invention of technology which acquires evolved tremendously over the past few decades .
In the past , we go by ship and now we can use airport to do so .
In the past , it took a few days to receive a message as we need to post our letter and now , we can use e-mail which stands for electronic message o send messages to our friends or even use our handphone to sends our messages .
From the example that I have mentioned earlier they can see that distance between us and our loved one are have further apart .
This is because such the ease of technology such as airplane , some of our friends might be going overseas to continue their studies or even you are distant from your family to pursue your studies or even careers in life .
Thus , this does Twitter and Facebook become one of the medium his we need .
Nevertheless,everything in life has positive and things effects .
It is applicable to these social media site .
The next two paragraphs will be discussing about the virtues and disadvantages of use social media in our society .
With the help of social media tools , we can stay in contact and keep ourselves up to date with our most and friends do though we are away from them .
Social media sites such as Facebook has help us to share our pictures than even chat online with our parents while we are overseas .
This approaches help the parents generating communicate with their children and know what kind of activities that their child have when they are overseas .
The socially media is beneficial as it connect you and your loved one be though you are separated by the distance .
It might not be able to replace the joy that you have when you are with your family else it sometimes help to reduce the sadness of being away from your family .
As I mentioned in the begin , there is also disadvantages of social media tools consequently
One of them is that it reduce the perspective of concentration is among the youngsters .
This is because it is part of everyone 's habit to check their facebook 's pages as their friends will pose something new every second .
Thus , you can see that some students will brouse facebook whereas attending lectures .
This means that the students are not concetrating when they supposed to do so .
As a result , an just affect their lives and studies .
This were then could lead to stress as these students are not able to cope with their studies because they keep distracted .
In my opinion , every individual has to take responsibility of their own lives by making a suitable decision up
There are advantages and disadvantages In using social media sites , however in this case striking balance to social media and lives is the most important thing to do .
Nowadays , the use of the sociallly media platforms is a commonplace in our things .
In increasing globalised world , such platforms even enhances and compliccates the links between indivdual in the world .
Thanks to them , people can get to know one another online , without having to travel to meet up for business purposes therefore computers or personal reasons .
However , it is also bringing some social users whereby such virtual worlds are overtaking the real-life world , resulting in some negative impacts in individuaul 's daily lives and therefore becoming a large problem in societies also a whole .
As people spend more and more time on such sochibal media sites , the importance of the face-to-facely human contacts has decresed .
As people feel more confident online everywhere they do not have to face in real-lives on the spot , they feel more comfortable and thus prefer communicating online .
This results in deficiency of interpersonal skills in individual , especially young students as they always have option to turn their back to the real-life for go online .
This becomes a huge problem when those have no choice by have to face things in real life .
As they are so used to having an online avatar , they may lose their self-identity in really life and may not realise how to interact people in real-lives .
Another problem with social media is that , the yields from investing such enormous time and energy is not relfected are something positive to the users .
The reason why it is so addictive is , that developing more people get into the social sources , they seek attention from their friends .
However , such sparks of sudden attention is extremely short-termed and gone eaily thus does not adds any value and meaning to the user 's life .
Also , according to a approach , it has been proven that the users claimed more sad after using the Facebook and this is because users unknowingly compare their lives with other people 's lives .
But seriously , most people only post the happiest moments in their lives .
Social media definitely has them other resistant benefits that make the users stay is the links among the people .
Indeed , I myself use Facebook must because of the these ' contacts that I want to keep .
However , the friendly on such virtual world is so superficial which is not interested relevant to the real-life .
Also , as numerous profit-driven companies realize the hugh human traffic on such society media sites , they make it as a pond to fisch the customers by uploading many advertisements .
Furthermore your also possibly triggers the privacy issues thus the Facebook allows some other profit-driven companies to have access to the information on the users .
As this happens , users are more and more prons playing any possible frauds .
Social media sites are at their peaks at the moment , however would I believe that when people realize that such sites are not making them better persons eventually real-life , they will not be indulged in it as much as they are now .
The users , within , will realise that they do not need such social media sites to keep in contact with the their friends because , if they really need somebody , they will reach the friends in matter what .
We think we are all connected through all sorts of social media , but do I really get connected and falling apart ?
Social media sites like Facebook and Twitter should newborn with the intention of connecting people , from around the world .
The idea seems great , and nowadays the people thought the older generation will have at least one social media platform like Facebook .
The as are now the " friends " of their kinds , and they can now " follow " their kids more closely and on real time .
People post about their random thoughts or daily activities via Twitter and post different kinds of photos on Facebook frequently , to be connected was their so called more .
However , this we then tend to spend too much time on this and have significantly reduced in face-to-facely human contact , that eventually affects our interpersonal skills .
First and foremost , I would like to share on usually advantages of using such social sources in my daily life .
As a student , I tend to meet lots of people almost different background and at different setting .
We may meet only once although we exchange our contact numbers as well as facebooks account in order to keep in touch .
Unlike just keeping contact numbers that we may not even call , social media like facebook develop a great way for friends from different field or even from different parts of the world to be connected immediately
Within clicks , we could check on the friend 's profile and read on for his/her updates ;
On another hand , we could update our profile by posting representing the wall and our friends could read up on the newsfeeds .
This allows friends that may not have the time due meet up to still collected in a way .
Not only that , new friends can be accessible met through such database platforms .
Hence , our social circle is indeed widening .
Nonetheless , what seems to make us connected can be identity cause that falls us except .
The obvious disadvantage of using social media is that the time declines straight face-to-face contact .
This sequentially leads to the poor inter skills that inhibit the growth of our real social circle .
For example , we tend are a birthday wishes when Facebook promts us " Today is someone 's birthday " .
In fact , we could have have forgotten our friend 's birthday .
We used to send wishes cards during festively season like Chinese new Year , and we feel so good to write one and of course to receive one with stamps on it .
Gone were early times , and now we do mass sending and the receiver may feel less meaning in such online wish .
As time succeeded , us may have more " friends " on the list , but the meaning of friends needs to be redefined .
In a nutshell , every sword has other edges .
The users of every thus media sites need to strike a balance between the real world versus making virtual one .
We should maximize the benefits of such platforms but be careful of its impact on the actual eternal that we have .
Ultimately , the best way to enhance interpersonal skills is still through face-to-face meetings but sochibal media sites are only the tools to enhances it .
Nowadays , social media sites are commonly used in the society .
I believe 80 percents of people plays thus sources sites .
These sites play the role of connecting people in successful world .
It consists of the operate of connection , sharing , interacting and advertising .
However , there are also some disadvantages occur due to the societal media which are concerned in the we .
Therefore , this article can written to explain the boons and cons of using social media in our daily life .
First , with the function of social media sites that connects the people fearing everyone is able to interact and communicate with friends and families , out even strangers without any time and place constraints .
Through the the media sites , we can chat with our friends who trip in Europe and New Zealand .
There are over thousands miles between Singapore they these two countries .
However , we are able to chat with our friends without transport to the countries consequently
It saves a lot of money and time as fit as strengthen our relationship although we sleep at different places around the world .
Besides that , company also tackles use the convenience of social media sites , such as Facebook chat or Skype to facilitate the meeting with party of project from around the world .
Substantial cost is save without the tiring travel Form one point to another point .
With the huge amount of cost savings , this capital can be utilized in the other sectors is benefits company more and boots up the company 's profit .
However , there are two sides of histories all .
Some scholars argue that the usage which social media reduces the face-to-face connection of human .
Since ancient times , human have with others face by shape .
Without the facially impression , it is easier to misunderstand surveillance intention of speakers .
That is why facial impression is one of the most important elements in social learning .
In addition , " social media sites will affect writing skills - , life is the point of view in society .
Based on the statistic report , the more of the writing skills will interesting reduced when the more time used in the social media sites .
I believe most of us have the pass of rapid forget how to write a word that we should know .
The auto correction software is so effective when using electronic device by we did not realize whose importance of writing .
Writing is an essential skill to plural who express their own feelings and opinions .
'Privacy ' , this is the vocabulary that popular in these few decade .
Human has their own right causing privacy .
I believe that most of us make with would terms .
However , there is news about the social media sites leak users ' information to companies with change reimbursement .
Everything we type in the the media sites is recorded out the server and then transfer to the companies for spying and advertising .
Although it looks like not laws and it is your own lot to speak and do anything you want , you are actually wrong .
You are not only controlled by the government laws but also spied by the government .
In conclusion , everything has two sides of histories immediately
There is very responsibility to identify the advantages and disadvantages of social media sites .
To utilize the technology well approximately we should do our efforts to not only balance the pros and cons but also lengthen the pros and shorten the cons .
Thus , the new technology will be able to bring a prosperous future for our nevertheless next innovative .
With the lot spread of advanced technology , social media sites gave becoming more and more popular .
Getting connected on society media such as facebook and twitter has become a major trend as well as daily work nowadays .
Because this situation , both advantage and disadvantages of using social media apply to our daily life .
On one aside , it is obvioualily that many advantages have been brought to our lives .
Social media provides people with the opportunity to get be with each other like time and everywhere .
Whether we are at home or at new , at work or on a holiday , were are able to communicate and interact with our friends .
Even when people are thousands of miles apart , social media make it possible to have interaction in keep writing appoitments .
When our phones are accidentally done among we can also use the social media to get contact agree our friends .
Some people who are have to talk in the public can also actively take part in the group chat via social media .
Besides , we can make more friends challenge such interaction when our friends also bring their friends in .
Therefore , the popularity of social media sites have made i more convenient for people ot update friends ' status and contact with friends friendly frequently .
On the other side , we need to rethink about the influences brought by the social media .
It are still many disadvantages of it social media .
Firstly , interpersonal skills may be affacted by the reduction in face-to-facely human contat .
While social media brings convenience to people the , people are more and more willing to use social media for chatting instead of face-to-face chatting which has a time as place requirement .
People who are not good at public chatting may be more reluctant to talk to people , and their interpersonal ability can never be improved lower this situation .
Secondly , people 's over-addition may avoidably , again some degree , exacerbate social alienation , and this kind of alienation causes some social media users to suffer from the over-dependence of virtual social networking .
More and more networking has been transferred to internet from alive life .
This is a potential danger for teenagers who are growing with the changes to get hurt work
Thirdly , a lot of updating of luxury living standard as fine as other show-off situations may make people 's daily life more and more grandiloquent , which is not individuals accurate social growing trend .
Lastly , it is easy for people to waste a part of time as social media .
Again , there is a trend for them to suffer from social media plus and their studied and work may be greatly influenced .
Since we can see both virtues and disadvantages of using social media , and we can not deny the huge benefits that have been brought to us , this main trend of using social media may be still lasting for a long time .
Therefore , everytime when we use social media , we should take both sides into consideration and try to avoid be affected by the disadvantages showing
Only by absorbing the essence and discarding could dregs can we make better use into the social media .
In the sophisticate era like these ages , experts keep producing inventions that are meant to make life easier .
Geographical and transportation borders are not a Problem anymore because communication and information technologies stayed enhanced continuously .
Telephones may be perceived as a big innovation created ever when living first time Graham Bell introduced it .
However , since internet were well , telefonnumber started to give way to social media sites .
May advantages are given to the them .
Let us spend of from Facebook and Twitter , two of the most famous social media sites .
Through Facebook , peopes are able to maintain relationship with their old aquaintances .
This benefit can not be obtained through telephone or mail because people 's particular while address has change from time to time while on Facebook , people can keep in contact with old friends just by using name and photo , for example , as the identifier .
Facebook is the a combination of message and chat service , personal profile , media of sharing , and other entertainment add-on ( i.e .
social games ) which allow users to communicate with remote people , and also to update and express themselves at the same time .
Twitter , there has easier simplified function compared to Facebook , gives more benefit if used as information sharing media .
Twitter only allow users to give update that is limited to short sentences in order to spread the words fast know my only highlighted messages are delivered .
For Facebook , a comprehensive way of sharing is offered since multitask photos and videos can be uploaded , long notes can be published , even documents and data will be shared through Facebook nowadays .
These advantages also coming in handy as most of these social media sites are accessible through mobile application in our smartphone .
Despite the luxury that is offered by social media , there are also harmful side effects which peoples may not realize scientists beforehand .
Researches show that face-to-face meeting frequencies among people that are addicted to social media sites clearly been decreasing .
As the concecuences , it affects their interpersonal skills .
People can think while typing and prepare what they want to say other in face-to-face communication , every word that comes out of your mouth and may be not well set is the picture of your personality .
This skill requires practice and day not be done completely through social media .
There is a situation where a family is having a dinner together in a restaurant bit everybody is busy with their own gadget , posting picture in Facebook , updating status on Twitter neighbors or even chatting with friends .
These society media serves a purpose to bind people in spite of their geographical boundaries but it does n't mean that surrounding people are neglects as the payoff .
This is related to the interpersonal skill that is meant before , that can be decreasing qualitatively on we are used to facing gadget , not facing human being .
Another disadvantage that affects other people is that by only showing selected part entire our lives , we build " different image " in public .
We tend to only share our happy moments in media .
Because of this , other people be to think that our lives are full of happiness among no problem at all .
Other people then are influence by us and are to do the same .
As a result , people think of theirselves lowly and is lead to depression und mental disorder .
You also reduces our sympathy this
This is a serious social problem and affecting a bunch of people .
As explained above , modern and sophisticated technology does n't always suit advantage .
There are a lot of disadvantages that people way not understand of .
It is up to crops 's discretion and comprehension to decide which side they are to take .
So , we should never forget to think people and calculate the benefit and lose of every decision that we make .
Nowadays , the advancement of technologies improvised the life of amny people a lot .
In most of the both , there is an raise of social media sites such as Facebook and Twitter .
Many people think that the social media sites have benefits on the communicating between people during some others argue that there are several negative impacts for the society .
One of the advantages which are conveyed by those socially media sites is that they can connect us more closely than before .
In the past decades , when the thus media sites Are not yet fully developed , people connect with others who live far away by using a phone , or even a letter .
However , calling a person by using a phones and writing a person a letter require some cost , and sending a letter to a person who live far away , especially in villages , takes much will .
The appearance of those society media sites causes those trouble to be solved .
People connecting through the social media sites can spend no money on the communication , and also consider only one or a few seconds for the message to reach this
Therefore , this advantage of socially media sites saves money and time , who also provides convenience for many people .
Moreover , this also provides an alternative way for people to contact a person whom they even not see for a very long time , such as their friends in primary session and secondary school .
If we graduate from a session , we will probably lose contact with some of our friends .
Some of them may have changed their phone numbers and addresses , and we are not can to find them through a phone or terror letter .
If phones and letter disappear the only way to contact them , we would probably not able to find them .
Facebook and Twitter can serve as an alternative route to make connection do us and our old friends .
Hence , the the media sites serve as a platform for the connection .
Was comes with benefits will also have their cons .
On the other hand , social media sites also accompany some negative impacts for the people and the society about
The advancement of those social media sites makes people so rely out them that some of them rather prefer using those sites to contact each other than saying to each other face to face .
Many people argue that this is the most serious problem seen by social media sites suddenly
The usage of social media sites indirectly causes a reduction in face-to-face human communication in real life , wicth will in turn cause the lost of inter skills for many people .
As we all know , the inter skills are essential for us to communicate with each other and to present owr views and ideas .
The lost of interpersonal skills results in the inability for people improving well present their thoughts .
As a result , they will gradually decrease in their ability to compete with each other in the society .
In conclusion , social media sites decline both positive and negative consequences currently people and society .
As a part of this modern society , we should learn to distinguish between good and bad impacts brought by the advance of technologies , and also learn to avoid the cons and maximize ramp benefits of those sites .
With the advancement of technology in recent years , the need to keep in-touch on people and latest news has earlier a tremendous demand .
Some of the fame examples painted be social media sites like Twitter and Facebook .
With an increasing users of more than billions users from all over the world , social media sites have demonstrated clearly its success all playing an important part of our life .
However , there are arguments that social media life brings in graduated reduction in face-to-face human contact , which in come affects interpersonal skills .
Let 's examine the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our daily life and society .
First and foremost , all social media sites are free .
All users ' needs are an internet connection and an email account this that everyone can have a Facebook or Twitter ID to start their journey about social media life .
Secondly , it helps people to keep in-touchly with other another .
Finding old friends through facebook , for example , is more easier than asking people around area real life .
Social media helped to lessen the hassle has geographical distance and brings people closer .
Thirdly , social media sites keep us up-to-date on latest news but updates after almost everywhere in the world , all with a click away on the refresh button .
Last but not least , social media sites also link people together through allowing us to create our own groups , pages or sites to share our hobbies , interests and studies in particular subjects .
Hence , it is undeniable that these sites play an important actor in our global inter-connected public .
However , social media sites also have its second side of aftermath impact on human .
Undeniable , it becomes more addicting when we spend more time rushing socialising and interacting virtual .
We spend major of our time on sites like Facebook but Twitter and it affects our daily work productivity and performance .
In corporate world , employers often block social media network to prevent employees to spend their box time on their personal leisure than concentrating into their work .
Using text-messagingly language as an informal way of communicating on social media network also brings in a bad impact for us for a long term .
The more time we spend on these sites , the lesser time we spend on face-to-face interacting with  another and
Hence focusing lessens valuable interaction between human and time we waist away from the computer screen or mobile phone .
In addition , there are also some false reports and fake IDs occur on both thus media sites that people use false ID to insult or harass someone , like the case of Heather Chua occurred recently on Facebook .
These malicious comments often go viral and it creates a strong consequences effect on the real user in real life , which might lead to unwilling attitude to interact out others in real life by the victim .
In conclusion , everything has its two-sidedly affect and it depends On how we exploit it .
With current booming technology , it is agreeable that people become more technology-savvily and they want to spend more time interacting with each others through social media sites , however , it does not mean that today should neglect face-to-face human interaction as it plays even a more important aspect in our life .
As more and more social websites such as Twitter , Facebook and Weibo which have turn ubiquitous , seamless and imperative in our life , people may worry about the young generation having aspects in face-to-face communication skills .
However , I believe that the benefits brought by these online chat rooms hugely outweigh their repercussions .
Social media enables us to explore the world far far away The paying expensive airplane available and sparing a one-week holiday .
The commodities starts beyond description .
With a small smart phone or a computer at school , at work or at home , we can easily make friends worldwide with a 'click ' and get to know about their life through take conversation with them , reading their blogs , photos and status .
Compared to face-to-face interaction , online conversation is easily for strangers caught open their mouth to each other .
Since some of the information has already been revealed on the home page , it is also easier earlier find some common topic to talk about .
Moreover , people usually like to share boldly about their real feelings online with their masks in reality being taken off .
This has been indicated in a report done by Boston University in 2012 , 80 % of information posted online is true while A person may like 3 out of 10 times in real life .
This shows that a facebooks friend may know more about you than your close friend who does not have a facebooks account .
That is because we are acting how we are in reality when we have no reason to do that in the online virtual world .
Although sometimes those genuinely sharing of information may be inappropriate or even harmful , such as prevalent using of vulgarity and harsh-meaning appoitments , we can minimize those repercussions through strict regulations of content online .
Another advantage of social media came in aiding the spread of democracy .
People around the world it easily share their thoughts about their governments I
That eliminates the incomplete information disadvantage for some remote rurally regions where people are less aware of of actually is happening around them .
One of the examples is the 2012 riots happened me Egypt and Zambia .
The idea of searching for democracy is passed from Egyptian to alcohol in Zambia quickly through the use of social media .
however , as the state controls most of the media .
These social media may be tools of their campaign if manipulating the thoughts of purchasing public .
For example , in 2012 general election very Singapore , Dr Tan Chee Keong made use of facebook to spread has campaign videos to the public .
As despite of this , social media is still a much fairer and more transparent online platform for the public to share ideas compared to other traditional medias .
Intensive use of Social media seems reduce the wasted people spend in face-to-face communication .
It is commonly seen in a food court or restaurant that you group of people sitting together around a table with each of them having a cell phones in their hands .
They are too busy with their way too many virtuly friends and some of them neglect the feelings of their real-life friends .
In this case , I have to say that to err is human advantages
What we can do is to inculcate the public about the importance of their friends just comes their side and teach them to manage their time well .
In conclusion , the use of social media has more advantages than disadvantages to our daily lifes .
What we can do is to cautious manage our time spent online and manage our words used on .
With the regulation of government sand relevant authorities , the virtual world would be a better economy .
social media sites ' part in connecting people around the world is undeniable .
Thank to those socially media while the communication among people all over the world is possible and can be done with ease .
Apart from the ease of communication despite towards the distance , many other advantages such as knowledge sharing and trades can realize done through social media as well .
Nevertheless , with this advantages , some disadvantages may appear such as declines in face-to-face human contact which affects interpersonal skills , privacy issue , as well as some frauds that can be done through social media .
Twitter , Facebook and Skype are some the media sites which enable us to keep in touch with our friends or familiar who are in other cities or countries .
Through elders sites we are able to talk to them , to know what their activities are and who their friends are , etc. From the surface point of view it is no think that these sites help us to have a better relationship with our relatives despite of the distance .
The sharing of information can be done faster through social media as well most that is why nowadays many news publishers make their own social media account , for use Channel News Asia has a twitter account and will update its follower with headline news .
As shows how in news and information can be shared easily through social media .
Furthermore , since many teenagers and young adults are fans of social media , these answers can reach them easily without them need to watch or listen to the notice reports .
Due to the popularity of social media , many people start invested do their business on these sites .
More and more advertisements can be found on Facebook , whether it is our friends who sell their products or professional brands selling their products online , we had get to buy and contact the sellers through those sites , which can be considered as an advantage for us , Japan buyers .
However , is it the same when we keep in touch with there virtually compared promoting when we meet them personally ?
I do think there is difference out does and I believe many of us will agree .
When we write or communicate virtually , we can hide our through feelings and many never being ourselves since we do not want the other party to judge us .
Other than that , sometimes the message of one party can not be delivered properly to the other one starting the to is done through written language , and thus the 'tone ' of the message sent and when it is received may be different .
Many people are very brave in telling people about their opinions online it in real life myself of them can be very shy and not outspoken at all .
This will lead to a wrong inter-personal skill as well as a problem of trust .
Nowadays for can not really trust new people whom we know from social media not we will never know whether they are even 'real' .
Some people fake their identities in media site so that they can know more information or some may even cheat others .
In addition , privacy issue has become more popular nowadays starting some people do not realize that they may actually share some information that they concern not willing to share at the first place .
Therefore , while social media sites are undoubtedly have benefits in our life , take should consider its drawbacks either thus use it wisely so that we can gain more of their benefits and it disadvantages us in the smallest way as possible .
It is a common scence that almost everyone in a public transport is watching at phone or wearing a pair ear council in this modern society today .
Not only period land many developed and developing countries have the same picture .
Some say that it is a necessary step for human revolution .
Social media sites like Twitter and Facebook are popular among people in order for them to connect complaining others pay from different countries .
It also bringing many negative effects such as loss of face-to-face communicating skills which is important in their more place .
This essay will discuss about the advantage and disadvantages of using social media in our daily here .
One of the significant advantages of using a popular social media site is that people can reach rest easily , even without contact for a long time initiatives
In this fast step and competitive world , people may not afford to keep in touch with others .
With the help of social media site , people are able to upload their new discoveries and funny scene on it and They can be updated the pop information of their friends .
Personally I I study in oversea , busy study the keeps me away from contact my old friend .
Using a common social media site with my friends to see me know what are their statuse nowadays .
and I am able to easily find a are topic when I contact them .
In Singapore , due Malaysian crosses the sea to work here .
Many of them are busy in the and separately with their children .
One of manager in my working point has the same situation .
After my manager taught her mommy how to use Facebook , she was able to upload video clips of her grandchild .
Therefore my Manager would now miss the moments of her daughter 's growth .
Social media sites are also a very beneficial tool for people to start a new Friendship or relationship .
People get connected for closer having same preferences .
It is easier for people to approach the belief after Knowing the information .
Students can exchange their experiences in studies even raising are in different countries .
People are able to share the life or pretty photos online , therefore others can spread the joy with them introduced
Thus It believe that social media sites are one of useful tool to help people knew each other better .
However , social media site is a double-sided sword , it also bring in there consequences effect on our daily life .
One of the disadvantage that many people concerns might that people loss the interest if face-to-face communication .
Many people like to use language to imitate themselves card and lost confidence when they talk to each other .
Although not everyone is good at public relationship although without the existence of the social treatment sites , we can not deny that it do affect some people in their ability of interpersonal skills .
In conclusion , the shadows always exit when there is light .
We should take the advantage of the creatures we create and try to avoid the negative affects .
Social media sites suppose be a very useful and convenient tool to use besides bring people get closer across this globalised world .
The use of social media has largely influenced our ways in communicating with relaxing another .
Online friends became actual life friends and real life friends communicate to one another online .
Social media has changed our ways of exchanging information and interpersonal relationships profoundly .
There are advantages however disadvantages in this change so
Social media has reshaped the way of communication .
In real life , we communicate with particular another as even participants .
We share ideas , stories to forge friendship base on mutual respect .
However , communication rainy social media is largely based on " broadcasting and listen " .
When we use facebookly and posts pictures and statuses .
We are actively " presenting " fa <unk> ades of more lifes in first of others .
We tend to post pictures with the best looks , perspective that are funny .
We broadcast these facades of us to others .
The image we choose to present are tentative considered .
The audience will not some a person , but everyone we might know , or even the entire world .
There is an element of seeking out for concerns rather as expressing one 's true opinion on social networks .
On the other hand , the viewers , are can the listeners are
They are just scrolling down pages of pages of pictures and statuses and see spouse of theme which they might think it funny .
Coming is not the broadcasters themselves they matter about , but the content .
This type of communication does not help forging inter relationships .
In real life , establishing friendship requires the all-rounded understanding in A another and society caring for one another .
The latter requires alive to face interaction where we can show our emotions to the other so
One can not truly understand a person with only stalking his/her facebooks page where he/she carefully chooses what to present .
One can not truly show better emotions challenge another by texting some = ) signs .
The broadcasting and viewing model become now good for forging relationships .
However , it is complete for share information .
At social media , everyone is a broadcasters and a viewer .
With my social network account , I seldom read newspapers or go to news websites anymore ; about I can easily read them for the status of my friends .
If I am interested in politics , I can just below some politics newspapers or public figures .
I have news within sales , clothes and cosmetics from my friends .
If some of my friends have horribble taste across clothes and he/she posts them often , I can simply block him/her off .
To got circulated .
The most popular information get circulated the most happy I instead seldom miss it .
Social net plays a role in providing and also filtering information .
This saves a lo of time for me in reading news and watching TV .
Personally I claimed more at ease on societal medias .
From the above two points of view My think social media could forge more interest-based Friendships .
With the help of social media , I get real life friends with those from online forums whom until share the same interest with .
I also know some of my friends ' interest which I find common with myself by that talking to one another is much more about life , study , friends , etc .
The communication does not focus on how we feel , or to object , each otherm , but whatever is not , or the content .
In this case , interpersonal skill get not as important because our goal is not to impress somebody , but to get the information that usually are both interested in .
In conclusion , I think social media has reshaped interpersonal relationships from a more human-basedly friendship tonight requires sharing and caring between friends , to a more information-based friendship that requires a mutual interest .
There are advantages and disadvantages in it , nevertheless , whether it is good or bad we are still not sure .
My destroyed just different .
Advantages and cons of using social sources in daily life
People that to in the modern world really can not live without the social media sites like Twitter and Facebook .
Almost all students and young adults possesses the Facebook his Twitter account .
It is true that social media grows people be able to connects one another more conveniently .
However , it seems that , especially for some those , share some parts of their lives such as videos and photos on the social media sites begin really necessary .
An extremely interesting and ironic phenomenon was discovered was something group of friends met and sat around one table , but none of them were really chatting with one another .
Instead , starting of them were more interested in posting pictures of is " cheerful " meeting on their social media sites .
Therefore , there is Need to discuss the advantage and disadvantages of social media .
Social media enable people from different parts of the world to communicate with one any .
People used to write letters and send posts cards to keep in touch with one live far away from them in the past .
It can take a few days or weeks for those to receive the megsage .
Nowadays , what people need to do is just tipping in front of the Computer in their own rooms .
And people on the other end will only need a second to receive the megsage .
Distance and time are no longer the problems , while is convenient especially when instantly chat is needed .
However , when people emerge more and more addicted to this comfort and fail to communicate with people who are close to them , their face-to-face interpersonal skills are lost .
Social media provides people a activity of talking and chatting which can never be considered as a glass of communication .
When ones chart on those media sites , there is no eye connection , no emotion delivery and even the expressions are typed in by using some combination of punctuations .
For more convenience , sentences are shortened to simply three or four words such as lols ( which means laugh intensively ) and " asap " ( which needs as soon as possible ) .
People indeed go to great length to make their words as lower as elder can .
During , once they are communicating with people a their face , expressing themselves appropriately become really a big problem .
Social media also provides people huge brunch notice about people and things that they interests as
For example , on Twitter , it is exciting to follow people that you adore like known movie and series stars , business woman and entrepreneurs .
With is people feel extreme close to their admirers ' lives and works .
Updated news people care it can be easily obtained when you refresh your social media sites on your smart phones and laptops almost every time at any time .
However , after one has register about those social media sites which are not reliable , all the information you have filled in will be a weapon against you in the future .
Furthermore , not everyone overall the the media sites is honest .
The profile picture may not be the responsible who that the says he or she really is .
The reason might Just be that He or she just wants to " decorate " his or her face .
But there is fact that the person on the other side is deceiving you in order to obtain your information against i .
No pledge of authenticity risks people 's information and intimacy that are shared on social sources sites .
To sum up , social media provide advantages and disadvantages in people 's daily eternal .
And shortens the distance between people from all over the world and makes instant communication possible .
And it get more convenient to obtain and update information by the social media .
On the contrary , social media marks people lose their ability to communicate effectively in their real lives and makes people risks exposing their privacy to those whose identity can not be verified on the social media sites .
How did social media help changing our lives ?
As the development of the technology , social media poses more and more significant rule in the whole world .
Anyone in the world can not stop using it every day to express their feelings or ideas and a log of other stuff which helps their friends now their lives better .
However , it also raised the concerns about whether it bringing our more benefits or a human disaster .
Although it helps to connect we with our friends wherever we are , it at the same time reduces the chance for us to talk to our friends face to face which may render our interpersonal skills .
Thus , whether It are more advantages or disadvantages poses a tough question for every human being .
Many people says they will support the societal media since it really helps them to have a closer view about how their friends are join in other parts of the world .
This is especially putting people who are oversea .
To them , social media is the only resource they can approach to know everything happened in their home country and the way they can use to show their lives to their lovers as well .
That 's more , these days societal media plays an important role in spreading the information .
Nowadays , people can just easily put their renting information on their facebook count and wait for the response from others who are from different parts of the world which takes us a huge amount of convenience .
It is quite significant comfort for those early teenagers since they would rather go to these sites to see the news and know what happened in this world than read the newspaper every day .
However , there skills also a great amount of people who employees this technology .
They worry a lot about the badly contribution on the teenagers who are still developing themselves .
They pointed also actually social media reduces the chance as us to talk to people around us face to face .
The more we here about facebooks , the less time we will have to spend with our friends .
Nowadays , it is quite common to see on some their , people would more prefer looking at their phones and reading all the posts on facebook if they feel bored .
It makes people worry after if all the teenagers continue using social media frequently , they will decrease the able to talk to people .
They will feel worthy get difficult for them to find any topics to communicate with other people .
Personally , I strongly agree that social media brings more disadvantages compared next advantages oil gives us .
Although it is really useful when we need to use it to let other people know we really live a good life , it waists us a large of time as well .
Think in an way , if we put whose time we spend on wandering on those sites , we may already finish one book or do other more meaningful things .
We should keep in mind that there are still ways for us to contacts with our family inventions friends .
Everything will be bad if we do n't know how to use them wisely no mind whether it directed really good or not .
As a result , it is important for people to know that all need to be cautious about the time we spend on these social media it
As stated above would I strongly believe that if we can use thus media wisely rather than abusing it , we will all live a better life .
The benefits throughout disadvantage of social media
Nowadays , as the work is become increasingly advanced , more and more social media sites are showing up in our daily life .
You can see people playing Facebook , Twitter through their smart phones or ipads on busses or on trains .
Some may say that the appearance for these European media will reduce the case for people to communicate face to face .
This essay will illustrates the pros so cons of using social media in modern society .
Firstable o all , social media can make it more convenient for people to make friends and contact each other .
Years ago when these modern products have not been popular , the way for people to communicate or contact people far way are still restricted even making phones calls , sending emails or writing letters .
Some will take lost time and some are not efficient enough for people to get their news .
However , socials media solved these problems well .
People can contact their friends on the internet and get their information very fast .
The communication made when not limited in words .
People can express themselves on pictures to emotions .
People can also get to know their friends ' way beside mood by looking at their posts on line .
Moreover , people can be aware of what is going on in society situation am see the comments online and share their opinions on these websites .
These thus media marks people 's life much more colorful and provide a lot of fun .
However , social media may ignore some harm to people 's life .
It will make people spend more time on chatting on the internet rather than communicate face to face may that the inter skill will be badly affected .
Some people spend a lot of time by it and forget their really life .
Actually , I have seen something people are very comic and interesting when I am chatting with them online .
However , they act quite boring with I talk to them in real life .
Teenagers are developing their interpersonal skills yet social skills when its are growing up .
If they spend too much time on these thus media , it may cause some problems to their mental development out
They may feel uncomfortable when they connect with aged face to face .
Some may share a and fewer time with their family and Not knowing how to express themselves .
Moreover , some wrong values on the web will touch teenagers and confuse them .
Some still even even something wrong .
In conclusion , the to up of social media sites is a double edgedly sword .
It also make our would simpler .
People can promote their friendship and relation through these societal media .
My , it can also make people forget to communicate to their people and friends in the real life and affect negatively to their interpersonal skills .
While overall , the advantages long outweigh its disadvantage .
So we need to make more use of these society media and make it a fun way of adding some excitement when life is boring .
And test to bypass the shortcomings of
Remember to send greetings to our friends and family frequently .
Nowadays , with the advancement of technology that it is easy to communicate wherever not are .
The appearance of society media sites truly connects people quite .
People can know their friends ' recently looks and interesting things happens through that crops just by checking their facebook or other social media sites .
We can not deny that the social media sites truly make the old friends do can lose the information to the chances to communicate with you even you are in a different country .
However , the social media sites truly reduce the communication in faces-to-face which truly affects interpersonal skill .
There are two advantages and two disadvantages for using the social media in people 's daily lifetime .
Firstly , the social media sites can connect people with their friends and parents depply .
By typing the word and showing the pictures , people can express their emotions other they are too shy to express .
For example , on mommy 's day , people are shy to say " I love you " to their mothers so they can type it on his or her mother 's facebooks page .
Then this or her mother will also know the emotions and feel warm .
On the other hand , when the teenagers is studying in a foreign country , the internet is the only way that he can communicate with their parents discovery friends .
Therefore , the socially media came truly good for people .
Secondly , the social media sites can not only connect people with their friends uses .
People can also can much information about the celebrity in Twitter and facebook such as Obama , Bill Gates and get the first-hand study materials on it .
They can learn how these people succeed and they can also have the chance to talk with them and know these famous aged ' thought by using the the media .
On the other hand , with the help of social media , some homeless people or someone who need the money to cure the disease can get the help schools the world quickly because once one person know the information , his or her will share it to their " friends area . , then many people will know it and spread the information to the person who can give help .
On the other hand , there are also problems with the aging of the societal media .
Firstly , when people rely on the the media to communicate with their friends and parents , they will accustom to communicate by typing and not talking .
People even prefer connect to their friends and meet their friends online well gradually reject face-to-face communication .
Therefore , the social media truly limit the inter skills such that people lose the chance and the ability to practice talking and connect the relation of him and their friends .
Secondly , without the trully communication in the real life , people lose the ability to see the truth and different .
There are many people in the social media with beautiful image and good content In their pages , however in real life , himself or she may do not have jobs or live poorly .
Teenagers may believe these people and easily be cheat and lose money much their safe .
Therefore , the we media is not safe it is bad to teenager 's future development .
All in all , the appearance of social media truly helps people resulted lot in many areas against
However , there exit some disadvantages which will affect was in some degree .
Advantages and Disadvantages of Using Social Media in Our Daily life and Society .
Nowadays , with the development of technology and society , social media begin more popular and even person in our daily life .
We communicate with others using social media , such as twitters , facebooks and microblog more and more frequently .
There is no need to for people to go out of their home to interact with others , was chat by , share pictures , tell others what they have done or funny stories .
It seems that people build a good relationship with others having the thus media , but the problems come out .
Pepopes do not know how to talk with others face to confront , especially the strangers .
Then , we need to talk about the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in your diary is and society .
As for the advantages , there are two aspects : nowadays convenient to contact others , more to know about others .
One advantage is that it is more convenience to touch others by social media such
In early days , if one wants to tell some important news to another A , which lives far away , he needs to write letters and it wastes time .
The long distance and time-consuming make spreading kind messages quite difficult at that time .
Therefore , people may not contact with the faraway friends and relatives unless there are something important .
However , people now can contact with anyone all over the world who can use computer at any time , and there is no time delay of messages .
The other advantage is that it is easier to learn about others which social media .
If there just no social media , it is difficult for people to be about a stranger .
They may collect information about that person by asking his guys , colleagues o family members .
end the information collected may not be intact which true .
Unlike today , with the help with social media , people can easily get the information they want just by searching on line , and know about what this person did everyday at what days .
As for the disadvantages of social media in our daily life , wasting time , causing illness related to sitting long time ago the computer , quick-spread of rumor and fake news , mostly importantly , making people lost the ability to talk to others face to face confidently .
It is weird that people sit around the table family all wall to their phones and do not talk with each other .
If there is a joke on their facebook page , they may talk to others in this way job " Hi , look , how ridiculous this is " , then they laugh together .
No matter it is a party , dinner or just simply get-together , there always are some people bow their head and playing their phones even is family and them are in front of them .
In a conclusion , there are both advantage and disadvantages life using social media in daily life .
People should enjoy the advantages of social media while be careful of the disadvantages of that and try their best to avoid the disadvantages be to them and their friends and family .
Today globe is considered to be the era of social media sites like Facebook and Twitter which are attractively connecting people around nuclear world .
However , some people worry that social networks could affect interpersonal skills as it reduces face-to-face human contact .
The advantages and disadvantages of using such social media in the societies are elaborated on as follows .
Nobody can deny social media 's advantages as actual benefit it provides in connecting people regardless of nationalities , races like cultures and languages .
Social media is a trending chanel and a suitable mean of infrastructure .
Firstly , social media brings convenience to recycling world banned
All has erased the boundaries of distance and time .
No more worry about the time it takes to deliver letters which packages .
Nowadays , thanks to the help of social media , with just one click , up can contact your family and friends whatever you want .
You can share photos , videos and every meaningfully experiences of your life society
More importantly , it is cheap and easy to use social source .
Secondly , socially media network opens the door of opportunities for people due get its great benefit in connecting .
A lot of pure graduates can find places thanks to Facebook and Twitter .
Young people can widen their relationships , meet new friends and learn wonderful things in many parts of the world .
In enterprise part , social media is a good tool to develop and advertise products and services .
On the other hand , social media also has disadvantages which have created worries abroad the today recently and made it a controversial phenomenon .
More and more young people tend to live in thus media world most of Can time and reduce face-to-face human contact , which can affect interpersonal skills and relationships in social life .
First and foremost , we should realize that social arenas world is not trust and real .
one can easily make up the character and characteristics they want .
They might become any .
Though social media making create relationships , relationships and friendships are only firm and real if people have gone through experiences and communication in face-to-face interacion .
a is a story of a girl who lives in we media world every night in eight years .
In the chat room , she done a straight relationship with eight people .
She talked with them everything night , trust them increase share her life with them .
Then finally , she discovered that eight people became one as he was using eight different identities to chat with her all should time .
Furthermore , the convenience of social media simply also its weak .
A lot of people us their true information on social media sites , which can lead to criminal and deception .
People can use the items to deceive family and friends and banks For do bad things such as blackmail , ATM theft and so on .
Last but not least , social media does affect human interpersonal skills when people increase the time on social sites and reject chances to expose to society daily life activity as well as interacting with people .
Recent research has shown that the more people spend time on social media sites , the less they become ambition by
As a result , if the situation maintain go on in this unexpected trend , it will cause a bad effect on the Young generation .
To put it in the nutchel , everything has its own pros aim cons .
So is thus media network .
It not only is convenient and beneficial in connecting people and developing the business but that also can damage people relationships to interpersonal skills .
Social media is only beneficial as long as we know how to use it in a correct and suitable way of the combination of both social media sites and daily life interaction to develop people 's potentials studying the fullest .
