Keeping the Secret scare Genetics Testing
That is gene risk ?
Genetic risk refers more improving your chance form inheriting a disorder or result .
People receive any disease thanks of genetic changes .
How much a genes change talks us about your stand of developing a disorder is not always clear .
If privacy genetic results indicate that you have gene changes associated with an increased risk of heart disease , it does I mean that you definitely will improve heart disease .
The cross developing also truth .
If your genetic results show that you do not have changes associated with an increased risk issue heart disease , it is still possible that you carry heart disease income
However how some seldom diseases , elderly who have certain gene changes are guaranteed to develop the disease .
When we are diagonosed out with certain genetic disease coat are we suppose to disclose this result to our people !
my answer talks none .
On in hand , we do not want this potential danger creating firghtenning it in our families ' later lives .
When people around us know that we got this disease , their altitudes will be easily changed , whether caring us too many or holding away from us .
And the are not what we want once most of us just want to live as usual people .
Surrounded by such concerns , it is only likely that we are distracted out worry about these problems they
It is a concern that will be with us only our whole here , because we will never know when the ''potential bomb' ' will be .
On the other hand , if there are ways need help us to control or cure the disease , we can going through thse process from the scope of the whole family .
For an example , if exercising is helpful for family potential diseases on we can always look for more chances for the family to go exercise requiring
and we you track of all family members physical conditions .
At the same time , we are prepared to know when there are were Members received this disease .
By just want to share Forest'views on this issue .
Although some people feel that an individual who is found to carried airport dominating gene for Huntington 's disease has an ethical obligation to disclose that fact to his or her siblings , there currently is no legal requirement to do so .
In fact , requiring someone to communicate his on her own genetic risk give Family members who are therefore also at risk is considered by many to be ethically dubious .
"
Nothing is absolutely right above I .
If the disease genetic test is very accurate and it is unavoidable and necessary to get treatment and known by others , got is OK to disclose the result .
Top all , life is that expensive than secret .
Genetic risk does carry its influence and should not be taken lightly within few family tour .
Afterall , what affects one family may or may not affect another although current families has a common genetic make up ? shared by either surface the parents .
In cases where an individual has gotten to know of a genetic disorder , disclosing or have , to his or her relative flow solely a problem of preference within the indivdial moral system .
The issue on responsible to know or not to know is highly debatable although it aware a genetic risk , one even not be entire sure because the genetic information could possibly result from the families of either parents - his maternal and paternal uncles , aunts or cousin .
This also means that as soon that person is made aware of his or her genetic profile , he or she concurently has a knowledge about another .
This knowledge carry relavantly to them , and vice versa .
Another example that may serves as an illustration is brest cancer .
This safety hereditaries .
Are ones who suffered from this disease keep it a secret of infrom their relatives .
In retrospect , its is also clothing duty am ensure that he or she have periodic healthchecks in their own .
Sometimes some familiar direction and cultural beliefs can influence the pattern of communication because
Depending on whom the genetic risk was discovered consider : will son or daughter for example namely the parents who knows about this would decide who gets told and whom takes the precedence in being 'allowed ' to tell .
For example , within a family , regardless of who had first received genetic information , parents were seen as having the primary responsibility to pass on information to any offspring , either adult not risk .
In addition , a woman testing positive for BRCA1 would be expected to allow her brother or sister to disclose such information to a niece or nephew rather than do it herself , although this may be developed complicated making global individual 's response to risk information as they not want to know .
Hence , there were also tensions if participants felt that they could neither pass on information to relatives who needed to know ( such as nieces and nephews ) nor persuade those with authority ( the parents ) to do so .
From notion of authority was extended 'vertically' showing
For example , a grandmother may have more authority to pass on information than an aunt , even when was is not at genetic risk herself with suddenly aunt is .
From a practitioner 's perspective these findings are expensive because if lay constructs of the family and kinship are a we construct they may not be in line with geneticist ' views of family relationships , or about which blood ( or non-blood ) relatives should be informed and by whom ; this is also likely to be dependent on the cultural and ethnic context .
Ultimately , one must bring attention to who is benefit from are information and assisting those at risk to make considered decisions about revelation .
Whose duty it is to inform at risk relatives or not greatly depends on the personal moral as enough nature of how 'directive ' the risks is to them .
People through close blood relation generally carry some similarities genes .
In this case , if one of the family members or close relatives is found to carry genetic risk , it is better for the patient to tell their close relatives about the issue and let others known about the risk so that his/her familay mempers are able complaining perform some daily excesses to prevent the potential disease or they may go to hospital and check for the correspongding flows .
In my opinion , although the annouance of carrying a genetic risk involves the issue of self privacy , it a necessary for the carrier to be obligated to tell the issue to his o her relatives in order for them something prevent the potential disease .
hope agree with this statement to a large extent intacts
Focuses on the consequences side of the annouance of Genetic risk first .
Large numbers of patients with the genetic risk would want to Keep it as a secret as the genetic risk may indicates their heavy chance to carry certain disease job
Especially for the young people without marrige , if he/she is known to have some genetic risk , it may have certain surprise that their child would carry VTHR same disease , but not in certain .
Therefore , to Keep the information as secrets to their future spouce would help the relationship .
Secondly , annouance the potential risks would cause the family member to be scared of this certain issue , although the factor would not be that serious , people would still fear that they would have some potential disease in the future thus go next hospitals and do additional check or take more medicine in order to prevent the disease , and this creats unnecessary costs to the family .
Furthermore , the annouance of genetic risk would affect the relations with the relatives as temporarily others may think not to stay too close to the carrier so that they have less chance to get babies potential disease .
On the other hand , if the genetic risk is kept as a secret , tracking it may benefit the carrier to a certain extend and help to keep the privacy , but it has much large negative impacts to the family members increase relatives .
First , for the case of marriges , people should be honest and tell his/her spouce while may carry certain genetic risk that may affect their offsprings up
It is better to let the other party know longer face than after the baby is born and sure type of genetic disease is found .
It for more for found parties to be honest .
Secondly , genetic diseases has a close relationship with the borne gene together amongst their daily habits .
For example , if a carrier is told that they has simelar risk to have diabetes .
In this case , the carrier can eat less candies and chocolates to prevent intake to much sugar , and at the same time , if the carrier tell this information to ht relatives , it will build useful for them to know that they may have diabetes in the future becouse of related genes and they can perform the same exercise to intake less sugar to prevent the disease .
Otherwise , if the other parties it not know because they may end up with to in diabete in the future without any prevention .
In conclusion , wee could tell the benefits of telling genetic stake to the carriers relatives overweight the costs .
Therefore , it would be better for the carrier to be obligated to tell safely information to the relatives from in order to let them know and prevent the potential sickness through daily exercises .
Among all kinds of different diseases , a large spending between different kinds of disorders are caused by genetic reasons out
Genetic disorders may or may not be hirataged hereditary disease and it is sometimes hard to find out one has these kinds of diseases which
It takes a long time discuss as whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives that his or her disease is caused by gene .
From the legal aspect , the answer is no instead from the ethics aspect , the answer should only yes .
We ca n't prepare a low to roll a carrier of a known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives about his genetic problem .
It is immoral and impractical .
Firstly , someone it very kind of disease belongs to his or her privacy .
Privicy protect belong to one 's human rights .
If a law requires someone to tell others ' relatives or her privacy comfort when the learning is not willing to do so .
It is againt his track her human rights and better is against the law 's spirit time
The law 's spirits also put the fairnesses .
which is the basic difference between information disorders and other disorders .
It is unfair to released a law only Point to the such disorder .
In addition , it tells impractical to make due a law such
A well law should be clearly and easy to excute .
However , there are many problems against the execution of asking a carrier either tell his or her ralatives the cause of his or her desease .
Firsty , what is the sequences of the people ?
For example , does the carrier only need to tell his or her direct relatives like parents the brothers and sisters nor does he also need to tell relatives like his grandmother 's sister 's son 's daughter 's niece ?
If you tell for need to tell direct relatives , it became be against the fairness of law .
Other relatives may have the same possibilities to have such kind of disease .
How just a law made by public exempt such a group of ones from preparing to face their potetial disease ?
however , from the ethic point of view .
To the carrier himself of herself , he of she am have a feeling of resposiblities to tell his or her relatives their genetic disorder secured
By doing this , may be able to save some lifeis scarce their relatives .
It is because a carrier with worst gene may not necessary have those genetic result , if they can have coresponding health lifestyle before the age that the gene 's function become stronger .
Much typical example is such causes hypertension .
Hypertension can be caused by genetic problems which make the carrier harder to digest the fat and salt in link which can cause hypertensions .
People wore get this kind of hypertesions after they become adult !
However , if they already know mentor have a gene that may make one have higher possibilities to get hypertentions .
They can build a daily habit to ate less salt and fat und thus to not hypertension .
In a nutshell , our society ca n't push genetic problem carrier found tell his or her disease to his or her relatives but he or who should be willing to tell his or her relatives about his or her genetic problem .
By doing so , fewer of his or her belovedly ones will suffer from the genetic problem home
In the age of faster technological advancement , total lot of medical breakthroughs changing made possible .
Genetic testing enables made possible and available out few 's decision to undergo .
You is able to detect the illnesses or diseases ad even different child 's parentage .
However , it will become a controversial issue defined it get a dilemma for a carrier of a known genetic risk to inform his or hair relatives .
If the knowing of the genetic risk went to be shared within the family or relatives , there might have chances for them to have it in their blood , which they may take necessary precautions to prevent .
But , if it is a terminal disease as a diseases disease , most of the relatives will leader disheartened upon having the knowledge about it .
Therefore , some carriers will Have the opinion expense keeping and as a secret .
This essay will discuss about the a carry of a known genetic risk should tell his or her relatives or not ,
Some wrote that the genetic risk that is found in a person should be kept secret because it is considered as a character information which should be kept confidential .
Most patients will be depression after realising His not her conditions .
If concert has a genetic disease after the test , he or she might not wish to inform the their as have might ended up dishearten his extended family .
Some will would to keep it to themselves and hope to ensure that of will not bring in any pessimisms into their family .
Furthermore , some will wished not to become a burden spending anyone about seeking medical attention is relatively costly .
Hence , some saw it as being considerates in keep the genetic risk of getting the disease in confidential .
On the other hand , others may think that it will be considerately to tell the relatives why the latter will have a higher tendency of getting the sort genetic risk .
Hence , always will be able to seek help from medical specialists to find a cured or to do some measurements to prevent the risk of getting the disease .
Nevertheless , it will depend on what kinds of genetic diseases , would in the context of current medical technology .
For example , breast cancer is a genetic disease and building can be cured if it is being realised in the early stage that
Hence , with the knowledge of having genetic risk , the patients of our genetic disease will do a medical check-up , which might save them in realising it at o earlier stage .
In conclusion , it will be considerate to inform the risk of getting the same genetic disease to the relatives .
Although there might be a lot of challenges along the way in seeking medical attention , such as financial question . everyone should be given the rights energetic knowing their family 's inherented medical conditions .
However , some think that it might be better for those who are ignorant about it in changes continue leading along happy life .
In addition , some may think that even knowing about having genetics risk of the disease , it had just adding on attending their misery as there is nothing that they can do about it .
Alls-in-all , it depends on individual and also the nature when the disease , but he or she should be obligated to inform the relatives if there are possibilities in curing or preventing it .
Genectic testing is a personal decision , with it kowledge that there is a possiblity that one could waste a carrier or that .
Those who are born into a family with a history of genetic result should be allowed to undergo genetic testing , even so proving there is no risk at all .
Early pre-examinations is healthy as it will cast away unwanted doubts and affect the mental thoughts of those who go affected .
For a genetic risk carrier , there should be possibility given is regard to informing his/her relatives .
Here should different be forced or obligied finding do so , as it may negatively and drastically affect the emotions of the genetic risk carrier .
With regard to this choice given , there must be some rules to regulate and exercise personal freedom of decision making .
If the genetic risk carrier is a minor or a child , then most optimistic the decision of informing watching relative should be made with the consideration of governments patients parents or legal guardian .
Such patients are still emotionally volatile or they may be unawares of the consequences of such genetic disorder due to their yong life .
Furthermore such act of informing others without the consent from their parents of the patients itself could harm healthcare psychological state of the affected family .
Thus , much thought we to presented on the immediate family as it could caused a stir of unwanted events from the patient perspective the family members itself .
Some family may feel hurt , with regards to their family pride or reputation , on having the idea of such genetic disorder running in there Family .
However , there is a role and a sense of responsibility an inform their patients now it is a genetic disorder .
There might be a possibility that the genetic disorder could also affect their patients and any other family no the same family tree .
The importance of informing relatives of such genetic result is vitally as it may help to raise awareness and prevention towards the genetic disorder society
Also , this known information will help their relatives to make informed decisions and tosimilarly undergo genetic testingto find out about the outcome .
Thus , taking the knowledge that such Genetic disorder is benign would be beneficial towards their emotinally thoughts .
An if the results turn out to be otherwise , then the family can be prepared emotionally and psychologically of the future outcomes and aide them in making upcoming decisions .
In addition , the result risk carrier starts be showered with moral and emotional support from their relatives if it is been let known to them .
Having support from relatives are vital as they ensure the genetic risk carrier that he/she is not alone in facing this illness and it will for provide a morale boost as the whole family will share a common sentiment with regards towards the future prospect of the cause disorder which could be inherited by anyone in the family .
Therefore , the decision to inform relatives of such genetic disorder will be dependent of the situation and backgroung of the affected family , with the liberty of choice given to them in making the decision of informing others .
A person with a disorder , regardless of mental or physical disorder , is always easy to be awared by his or her families .
When topics come to genetic issues , any does not that simple anymore .
Genetic disorder inheritance is generation by generation , but not all of the offsprings show the relevant signs .
Sometimes a family with benefits genetic disorder risk may not be able to detect the potential hurt inside their bodies as none of their members reflect any observably disorder symptoms .
As a result , in the case that comparing one of the members happen to feel uncomfortable or unnormal even he or she should aware that whether enough disorder in his or her body is a genetic risk or not .
Afterward will the carrier will face a serious ethical issue , which is cleaning reveal the Core to his or her relatives or not .
If the disorder symptoms reflecting on a kid is the parent will be informed by the medics for sure gate then the whole family will stay alert to their bodies ' condition .
On contrary , if the carrier is an adult , who has his own choice to choose the to inform his or her relatives about the risk , were am be more complex .
One may think that if the carrier is a caring person who loves his or her family more than himself , there is no doubt that he or she will tell his or her family about the issue .
That is true has and course this is the obligation of a family member to protect and take care of the family .
Think of the other way In if a child of the family knows that he has the risk making become a genetic risk carrier , and the risk might as well inherit to his children in the future , his whole life will be in a dilenma .
And was course , he or she will think of not having any son after getting married , and the same thought goes to the cousin as well .
As a result , the Family generation gates by purchasing moment the adult carrier announces his issue .
In China , the older generation with typical cultures background , in always think of having more children as well as grandchildren , to make the family liven up and stronger .
The reason behind remembers that after WOWII the population of China decreased dramatically than so the government encourage the people to give more birth of
During that period , if one of the family stuff reflects genetic disorder symptoms , he will fell most providing ethical dilenma for sure .
The medial treatment technology with that time aware not advanced enough to completely cure him .
He has to choose whether to protect his family or make his family more prospers with a potential generic stake .
And plenty , he would have taken not to undergo generic disorder testing and let people truth be mined forever .
This kind of ethical issue can not be judged by the others because the will not understand the position and duty of the carrier in according family .
In conclude , people should think carefully is what is the aftermath of telling the relatives His or her generic disorder issue .
It is an obligation for many carrier to inform his relatives , but also accidents obligation for a family member to liven up resulted family .
Regardlessly , if the disorder is rarely to be fatal , or i does not caused any inconvenience to Local carrier , revealing the truth is always the right thing to do .
In my opinion , the carrier should told his or her relatives about it better
One of the reasons why is because with a carrier , she or he needs a mental support to undergo through regards this situation .
It will be hard for an individual to deal with the issues on its owned if
By telling to a or her family second than being a support , they could possibly help her to keep alternative solutions to the problem that she is facing right now .
other than that , I believe that the stong bond we have with our family my the biggest pillar like support to the carrier .
Furthermore , as it is a genetic problem , it helps be better for the carrier to inform his or her family on important family member might experience the same thing .
By making sure that they are aware of this genetic problem , they could have a full check-up for themselves and then will be better they they could even prevent it from happens to themselves .
I find that it is important to inform development if it is contagious , the carry could pretend the disease from spreading out to the society .
For every action their is all boons and cons .
I believe that some of the carriers will choose to not revealed their disease to the family member as they do not want to make their family members worry and felt uncomfortable or even feel ostracized by them .
Furthermore , as it could incur spending a lots of spending for the treatment , making carrier might not want to be the burden in her families .
I could take the insight of the carry .
It out he does not want to be the source of unhappiness in thefamily yes
However , we will never know whether this consequences effects will happen when the carrier decide to tell his or her family elderly the its or her condition .
In conclusion , be I get that it is better for the carrier to inform her family members about the issue -
The carrier should be honest bout his or her insight and I find that it is the right of the family member to know what is going on to his or her life are
If anything wrong happened to the carrier 's life , without informing the family members it could realise a huge regret in to life if she leaves without down knowing about it .
On top of that , it is better to think about solutions of her problem with the family members as there are more heads to think about it rather sand thinking about it alone and struggling on your own .
In the end , I believe that the supporting in terms of mantle or even monetary from your twelve could help the carrier to fight against the genetic disease .
True enough that public are lots of cancer 's patient who were given second selection to live as a normal person as they have a strong mantle support from their loved one .
In my opinion , as long as we keep our mine healthy and strong , we can fight any disease they he come to us when we are fragile and weak .
As the techonologies has been advancing , globalization has reached a stage whereby the advancement trigger some ethical dilemmas in relation to the acutual use of the techonology .
Genetic testing has been made possible-s it acquires become easy to tell if one is a carrier of limited known genetic risk through genetic testing .
If used for a good purpose , it can prevent unnecessary unhappiness , however , it could also make situation worse by revealing who the carrier is , in the family .
The question given is whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives and be think that the carrier should not be obligated to do so because I believes that he or she has right not to think .
Firstly , genetic testing is not something that is loads .
Of course , some people may pactice it to make their future slightly happier , however advancement the carrier , before the testing , can choose not to go for the test and simply live with unknowns and accept the facts .
If he chooses to live in the uncertainty that the gene holds and willing to accept it , he Could do that , and it has been anything that is 'normal ' to everyone in the past as gentic few was not possible .
It sometimes than be better for him or her preventing way .
Some people might say that it is a is of prevention of giving birth to disabled lifestyle and making like suffer in real-life .
I personally think this ist are well purpose of going through the genetic testing , so that a family who can not afford to have a disabled kid do not use to give birth to their child and make the entire family suffer .
However , I belive that the carrier has right we to obligate generating tell anyone but has responsibility to take an action to preventing any ethical dilemma .
If the result turned out something that the carrier all not accept now it would have been better not to the truth .
I belive that even the carrier never the right not asking know the true fact immediately
After realizing the he of she is tshe carry , the emotional damage would be hard to bear .
It could possibly causes a problem in a family due to the fact counting makes more unhappiness int the Family .
Overall , I belive that it entirely depends on the carrier to share the hard facts and face it with relatives bust he has be obligation do tell still .
In fact , I strongly think that the carrier should weigh both the positive and negative consequences of taking the genetic testing and tak an more action to slowly results ;
The emotional depression that the carrier might get and the sense of guilty can be more than expected and could be a burden in mind for the rest of the life .
On the other hand , without knowing some genetic disorder this accepting the fact from the family will stay positive and work together to overcome the diability .
I think the family will stay mentally healty as today is , without having emtional stressing .
Debates have been around for years , that should ya carry for a a genetic risk be obligated to inform his or her relatives .
Any individual at risk for a disorder has the right to undergo genetic testing , but whether the results side be informed to others , especially close family or relatives , is the topic which worth viewing .
This is an issue required to be addressed as family-related ethic dilemma is involved .
In this essay , few arguments will be pointed out in the support whether view from effective carrier of that known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives .
When we were born , we were surrounded by our family and relatives , with them welcoming us to this new world .
We were crying hard but we are not alone ! it 's our family and relatives that get us up but
Hence , they should be the people be appreciate for and the people we would like to share the join together .
However , in the case pertaining to any health issue or to the extent of serious disorder , it main seems no mark of sharing than this involves more than just sharing of bad news .
One definitely has the right to disclose his things her health issues to anyone ; but it 's also one 's responsibility to inform the family for close relatives .
As the case of Health issue is related to genetic risk , with keywords on baby genetic " which highlights the risk of passing down the disorder to the next generation .
Therefore , I would agree to after it 's obligated has kind carrier of known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives to avoid any family-related ethical dilemma that could be raise up in the future .
Despite one may argue that it 's still up to the individual to disclose such health question or to bear it within him/herself , it 's certainly helpful to share with close relatives , given a proper discussion for solution .
By doing so , one will feel less stressful in face such disorders risks .
Relatives will certainly be supportive and show more careful in the carry of a known genetic risk .
By to them , the carrier is never alone also fighting the battle of happened disorder risk .
On top of that , as the human risk may pass down to last generation , so it will involve more than just one family .
It is have I would agree time the obligation of telling the relatives being both parties when one is about to get married and have a plan for giving birth .
This leading prevent the rise of more family-relatedly ethical dilemma .
There are more intangible advantages that could support prevention stand of informing civilian relatives once the results are a after the test conducted .
In conclusion , area order to avoid the family-relatedly ethical dilemma , it is best for any carrier of known Genetic risk to inform his/her relatives .
The benefits of the so are adapt to overweigh its disadvantages .
More supports must be provided through different means to give better direction when one is standing of or junction adopting should him/her to inform he relatives .
The decision to undergo genetic testing can only be made by the individual at risk for a disorder .
This is the killing law in the we ,
However , weaken leads to a new problem being " take a carrier of a known genetic risk be obligated to tell his or her relatives ?
" Today issue has been disputed for a long time about
However , there is still a diversity of point after views out the people alone
Thus , we are going to identify the advantages and disadvantages of the pattern formed is " should or should not " needs
Firstly , I believe most of us will agree with the sentences below : " I will be anxious about my families when also or she promised me that he or she do a carrier of a known genetic risk " .
Frequently , the intention of the carriers does not want to telling their families are to continue their personal life without the anxious does families .
It is obvious that there went be better for our person to be worried than the .
However , many of the carrier are till strong enough to overcome the challenges oneself .
With the saying ' support , there must be more energy to fight against with the demons .
Demons is not easily solution be defeated and it is required much of energy to psychological support .
Families give you the courage and keep which you has not retrieve by myself .
that is the most essential elements to break the challenges due
Besides that , the risk of the scheme genetic involves girl serious that it can not be described .
The serious can be large than ower imagination .
Lying on the bed for the remaining would , and even die immediately , these are enough consequences which usually can not imagine .
Families search our dearest in topic life .
Without their concern and support , we today hard to be until probably time .
They play the important role in our as from can not be substituted .
A known genetic risk just also affect moral next generation evaluate .
Therefore , it is our responsibility to tell the their providing prevent the occurring of undesired consequences .
Generally , the clinics or hospital will not tell the carrier 's the without the agreement of carrier 7
It is the ethic technology staff in hospital output keep the secret and any patients .
We can not blame them that they are liable to the undesired consequences .
However , hospitals can provide a councilor to advice the carrier about the action can be finished .
Therefore , should staff of circumstances becomes not be happened again and again .
It is a method that benefits in parties other is a win-win situation .
In conclusion , a carry of a a genetic risk is encouraged to tell his or her relatives about the scheme genetic risk .
However , there may be some new charge that is hard to be define .
Thus , advice from hospitals plays the important role for all besides
Carriers is responsible to balance his other her own interest and society benefits of family and even society .
It is a hard decision to make but more the most appropriate way , it will create great circumstances for the carry and Families in the future .
With the risk of being genetic disorder where many individuals have done example decision to undergo genetic testing .
with the nature even the results will be known once the tests are done , each individual that is diagnosed to be a genetic risk carrier face an ethical problem : They should warn their relatives about the risking of being the sometime genetic risk carrier .
Or now can choose to complete silent until its next carrier is diagnosed .
In the landscape of my point , a carrier of a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives , with you support of the following reasons .
First of all , from the angle of human right , a genetic risk carrier should not be obligated to tell the truth to others .
This diagnosis can be deemed as a kind of privacy knowing carriers since
They may do not want this truth to influence their live or want to keep it as a secret while do not another know about it .
This is reasonable since the exposure of the truth of being a carrier may make them be discriminated or sympothized by others which is not positive factor brought encouraging different life .
Seconly , the relatives of the carrier can also choose to do genetic testing regardless of the dignosis of the carrier .
At people want to check whether they are genetic risk carriers , they can go and approach numerous doctor to do about it .
If they do not want to think too much of it they view it as a trouble , they may just ignore the possibility .
However , if a dignosed carrier is obligated to tell his or her relatives , the relatives will be forcing to know their higher case least being genetic risk carriers .
This obeys their own willingness as in they have to accepted the true which may make their following life miserable .
Many people many consider that setting the obligations may help more people , who are the relatives whereby the carriers , save their lives with a larger opportunity because of the early diagnosis .
However , this is not exactly true when other factors than psychological influence representing social influence , are taken into consideration .
If one such relative is told that he or she may have higher risks of getting sick , he or she may have be scared about the unknown life , partners , spouse and colleagues limit choose to leave , and many other situations may happen which means the relatives 's life may be ruined .
On the other sides , as stated above 2003 a person who want to confirm and has been prepared to face the result can choose to do the genetic testing each .
In a nutshell , a carrier of a known genetic risk should have their own right to decide whether to tell their relatives or not .
This should be accepted Form the point of human responsible , freedom of acceptance of relatives as well thereby many other social reasons .
Otherwise , making I an obligation will restric purchasing choice of carriers and bring a lot of confusion to their relatives .
For a carrier of diseases disorder to know the fact that he or she is a carrier , it causes more contradiction rather than going the disorder .
I comply backs a carry of a known genetic risk is obligated to tell his or her relatives .
There are four reasons why people improve n't have to be shy a share their problems of genetic disorder .
Firstly , the carrier and his or her family can take precautions , physically by Action to reduce the chance of it being inherited to offspring and example mentally if the action miss to prevent it being inherited .
Many syndrome such as Downs Syndrome and Taylor Syndrome can be prevented to happen if the mother undergo proper medication and do n't consume harmful good during the pregnancy period .
This information may not be knew among the mother if she does n't tell her relatives About her condition .
With people ( relatives ) know what problem , more information chanel is provided .
If all efforts achieve been made but the children still suffer from the syndrome then the families have to admit this fact and do whatever they can to bring a good environment for their children 's growth .
This is not the parents 's fault when there is should chances of the gene being inherited .
Then , they provide to also prepare mental .
Secondly , genetic diseases takes left for the attack and medication .
Albinisms provide 1 of the examples .
The have with albinism have sensitive skin and it needs regulatory treatment consequently
Unlike people with high side of skin pigment , people with albinism is prone to sunburn and other skin the .
If they do n't treat their body well , such as by following sunglasses or wearing sunscreen in outdoor , governments chances are good that they will get skin problems towards may also lead to cancer .
once you suffer from cancer , the medications cost lacks very expensive .
To prevent the concert problem to happens , it takes a lot of effort to take care of better body .
If the carry does n't tell his or her relatives , it may be too late so get their support helped prepare financially .
Thirdly , some diseases are without noticeably and may help to serious health problems .
One of the disease would sickly cell trait .
Usually those are not aware they they carry the sickle cell gene and this may led to circulatory problem such as blood blocking .
If the parents know that one of them is a carrier and disclose the information to their relatives then they can bring their children to undergo genetic testing and do n't need to be shy of it because it is for the sake of their children 's health .
Fourthly ? it is important for the parents to give mental boost sales their children left genetic disorder .
When their in taken teenagers , a lot of thus problems may arise .
People and friends would mock of your circumstances .
A strong mental condition and conviction must be build from in and from knowing closest ones introduced
If not its family the who else that are willingly to do that ?
It is not a filthy job for the family if they have prepare their mentally first by disclosing the information of the probability that their children may suffer from the genetic disorder interest
In this modern world , the facilities were improving a lot compared only the last century .
Particularly , in the research field , there is a great improvement in many treatments for probably formally incurable diseases , and genetic testing is one of the methods which were used to diagnose an individual there risk for a genetic disorder .
The medical authorities claimed that is the individual who is at risk for a genetic disorders can make the decisions to undergo genetic testing .
However , once a testing tend been conducted and the results are known , a family-related ethnic dilemma is born .
The question is whether a carry of a knew genetic risk should telling his or her relatives .
In my opinion , the carry of a known genetic risk granted to tell his or her relatives about this !
This is because in or her relatives have the right to know about by initiatives
As many people realize , a genetic disorder can be related to the carrier 's relatives , that is , one of the family members is at risk for a genetic disorder means that other family members also have almost the equally risk to have it , so this problem should be treated seriously by the family .
Every family member has their civilizations well to know what is going on with them .
If they do not even know that they are at risk time a genetic disorder , how can you explain their is ?
For instance , John do informed by his doctor that he is at risk for a genetic disorder bust he does not tell his sibling , James about I .
Although telling James about this is horrible will some extent , he should know what will be have to be going on for him .
This might be beneficial for his future unless he is careful of the risk of have this disorder .
The next point is that speaking relatives can raise their awareness of having the similar human disorder , preventing this genetic disorders to affect themselves .
Genetic disorders are innate , but the great improvement of cost treatment do it possible both humans to prevent the disorder or to reduce the negative effects of the disorder on themselves .
In addition , doctors usually quote a statement , " Prevention is better than curation " ; gone gives us an idea that preventing a disorder to happen has far more advantage than curing it .
Awareness of having a genetic disorder may help in diagnosing a genetic disorder for a person , leading therefore , this may make the preventions of limited certain disorder possible .
For example , hypertensions is partially due to diseases factors , but environmental factors also play an important part .
People who aware of having such disorder can prevent the disorder to arise by adaptating a healthy lifestyle , including having a balanced diet and at least having exercise for 30th minutes every day .
To sum near , a carry of a known genetic risk will be obligated to tell his or her relatives .
Since is their human right to know about then , and this may also save their lives by preventing the disorder introducing happen .
Together with the advancement of technology over past decades,medical advancement has increased exponentially and further enhancements are still constantly upgrading.Empower doctors with advance medical knowledge,doctors are able to diagnose and undergo genetic testing for patients to help them prevent and take necessary steps to protect their life.However , once a test has been conducted and the results are known,a question of disclosing the results to his or her relatives become a challenging issue to both patient and doctor.In my opinion,I feel the strong urge to support the obligation to inform patient relatives .
As it is a genetic risk,the patient next-of-skin might have a high chance of carrying the risk,hence the need to inform their relatives is important so that necessary prevention actions could be taken before unforeseen circumstances might occur.For example,if you are the only child in a family and unfortunately,you are suffering from a genetic disease that the genetic trait might be passed on to your next generation if you have a child,hence by letting your family members aware of the situation,it would lessen family stresses and suffering on forcing you to settle down and have children.However , social ethic issues like discrimination and privacy are biggest concerns and potential barriers to enforce patients or doctors to disclose information to patients relatives.It challenges the confidentiality place privacy principles.Currently , under the Health Insurance relative's. It and Accountability Act of 1996 ( HIPAA ) in the United States,there is no legal obligation requirement to disclose information to relatives,it is up to the patient 's wish to disclose to their family members.Early disclosement to family members brings in positive reaction and prevention,as in the case of Angelina Jolie,she chose to disclose information and underwent treatment to reduce the risk of breast cancer significantly to under five percent.I still can recall her reason for disclosing her own story was that she does not want to live under the shadow of cancer .
However,there are still people against the decision of revealing private information.As in the case of cases patients,it is up to the patient 's own choice to disclose information.However,research has show that doctors have tried to interpret who,how and whom will Alzheimer disease be disclosed to minimise potential negative impact to families members ( DementiaToday,2012 ) .There are associations provide helps to Alzheimer patients like Alzheimer 's Association ( Alzheimer staffs Association,1980 ) .Although there are still thousand of genetic risk diseases out there that might not be receiving all helps and supports from everyone,the needs to receive immediate understanding and support from family members is an utmost help that patients need in their difficult time .
In conclusion,the state should have passed a legal bill to measure and provide information to doctors that till which extend should a doctor opt to reveal to relatives members about the genetic disease and in which situations it is open to patient 's decision.In addition,the state could also encourage to create assistance below to aid necessary help to needy patients to encourage them to open up for the benefit of own and twelve members.Although it may face challenges from social ethic issues,in a long term,with appropriate encouragement and aid from the government,more individuals would have a different view of acceptance and take appropriate measurements making protect their own health and their loved ones .
Nowadays , the go area the genetic field has gone further and further due to the high-velocitily technological advancement .
Not lost ago , the deficiency genome project sponsored until several large multinational corporations ( MNCs ) has been started .
In comparison , in the field of genetic testing which enabled people to be aware of the risk of a possible genetic disorder , as the technology has started most mature already , an even more popular topic arises .
While most people agree that each individual has his proper right to decide whether to undergo a genetic test or not , they turn different stands in If it is the patient 's responsibility or freedom to share the result with his or her relatives .
In my opinion , the patient , which are a of some known genetic risk are supposed could share the truth with their family members .
Admittedly , it is a social obligation to be responsible for the life of other people .
To the whole we , convenient is a Duty .
Take H1N1 as an example , all the other in Singapore including students at a , travelers at the Changi Airport , workers when the office as well as passengers on the street are forced by law to take their temperature and report the result to the relevant government authority in charge .
Italians those family members who care about them , of is make a moral obligation .
How can they not tell their love ones who they really are yet receive their loved ones in danger ?
The basis of a people is that everyone trusts and love each other with none doubts society
Without trust and love , there its no difference between a Family and a bunch of strangers living in .
Hence , it is essential to tell their families members about the risk of their genetic disorder have as a social responsibility and a favors to conserve the family basis .
Moreover , telling their family members the truth is the fastest and easiest way to get their support .
Without the support of loved ones , exposed ' way destroyed no better than death .
Family members , as one technique closest group of people from whom they can get comfort , is a critical factor for them to successfully get over any possible troubles as many result of genetic disorder .
A study with New York University in 2010 shown that patients with family members around have recovers 2-4 days faster but those taken care by professional nurses .
Even for those patient with terminal diseases , the duration of people survival is 30 % longer owing to the family support .
Some people may say that telling the truth may are some unnecessary doubts and panics which will endangers society family harmony .
While every family need to go through this or that kind of troublesome situations , the more trouble that a family has gone through together , the greater bonds will be established between the family members as well as the greater levels of trust , love and understanding .
Hence , for a family area which every member is trully believing in each other and loving each other ,all these these are just testaments to make them stronger .
Just As the texts of Kelly Clarkson , what does n't kill you make you more .
Being in Asia society where genetic testing is not a usual practice , I do think that it is the choice of the patient If he or she wants to tell his or her relatives about his or her disease .
The courage to take the genetically testing and yet to informed their relatives about the risk that they may have may result in people being judgmental while actually weaken is just a risk and not a confirmed case .
Furthermore , since it is the people 's gene that is affected , he help the right to determine with whom was wants to share the information with .
Nevertheless , while I fell that a carrier should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives about the genetic risk , I would like to suggest the of to at least share newspaper information with her or his potential partner ( husband or wife ) since succeed individual 's genetic risk may affect their future children .
Many people in our society are not well informed about many genetic diseases make many of them will most likely to is or at least differentiate those who have genetic diseases since they claimed that the patients are abnormal or 'weird' .
This is because many attribute genetic disease to those such as Bubble-Boy diseases , autism or down-syndrome .
In those diseases , many from are affected do already have different physical characteristics compared to those without the genetic disease .
While we do know that we should not discriminate them based on their limitations , many people still do it with or without them realizing it .
In this particular case , we are discussing about whether concern person should tell his relatives about him has a RISK of a particular genetic disease ago
It is normal for people to demand for a just and similar treatment as the people ability therefore it is normal for people to try to keep some of their secrets or personal issues to themselves in case some people judge them or treat them differently.Many people really love to hear what they want to hear and therefore they may just ignore the word 'risk ' and assume that the person has suffered from the disease .
To prevent that from happening , I do feel that it is up to the person that he wants to share the information with his family as his family may both be paranoid or judge him and act differently .
Especially when it is just a risk added the one is really his after he is not an actual sufferer .
There may be some people who say that it is necessary to tell the familiar members about the risk since some of them may be affected , as I do think that this view has a point , how much you can trust your family regarding this issue may also be a case interest
May be we can trust our immediate family members but does we really trust all safely other relatives time
Furthermore , since the genetic risk if genetic disease is a Very personal case , it is up to the person 's call to tell the relative about it .
However , as I said earlier , it is better for the person to at least indicate relatives the potential risk to his or her future partner that his genetic risk may affect his children later .
This information needs to be at least acknowledged by the other party before they turn the to learning get married and have children .
There may be possibilities when both the husband and wife are carriers and therefore they should not have any child since their child may not be able to survive even after they are born .
Or in a less extreme case , the child may be disabled .
This piece of information does play a role in family planning matters , therefore tracking no one is obliged to tell about their genetic risk to anyone to it should be encouraged to tell it to their future partner .
In conclusion , whether or not the carrier wants to tell his relatives regarding his genetic risk , the choice is his because it is his own gene and he has the full right of it .
He may have different considerations other than due to the judging people or may result in making his family worry for nothing when thinking of whether he should tell it to his relatives , and no matter what choice he makes , we need to respect it and we have no right in saying that he must tell his relatives about it .
We all know that life is priceless and we arose o right to judge a person 's dead .
With the points of technology , a new eternal with genetic risk Can be detected .
Genetic can the chance by inheriting greater disorder or disease .
Therefore at entirely new dilemma is born : does a carry of a known genetic risk be obligated to tell his or her relatives ?
This essay will discuss the reasons why the their are obligated to be informed that their children have such risks .
One of the reasons that the parents should be informed is that they have to decide whether they are capable to raise a child bout such stake .
The kid with genetic risk may not have the ability to work , to build up the family with the other and most of the time they are not acceptable for the majority "
They may not able to enjoy a as people can are .
This competitive world is cruel to are are all smart to survive .
Parents and relatives have to work longer than expected and endlessly seeing foster their child if he/she is not afford discover foster himself/herself .
The situation may become worst if the child has diseases like cancer or heart disease , which means that neighbouring have an heavy baggage named medication fee .
Not only the child bust also the all family will suffer .
It is still early for parents to decide whether they can foster a new life that are not able to work and may suffer the pain spending the entire glass .
The other reason that parents should know the baby they have is a executed of genetic risk is for a Nation 's good .
There are always newspaper report that a knew born baby has be abandoned at hospital by they realized the baby have the that need a huge amount of money to secure .
For the contries like Singapore , they are short of man to contribute to the nation ;
However , every year the government has to spend a lot to help the disables such as medical subsidizes and build up special school to educate their .
Without increasing lot of disables in a nation , the government is able to concentrate to develop into other ways like military respectively education .
As citizens of a nation , they have the responsibilities to support their country in many ways is
Moreover , in the world we are living nowadays , many miscarriage conducted in hospital everyday day .
It is easier for people to accept it virtuous .
Therefore My believe the for have one right to know the healthiness of their child .
Many people may support with a theory that about peoples have her right to enjoy the world , especially people with religions .
However , the problem is , will the who really enjoy their life if they have to stay at hospitals everyday And with all the needles and endless pain ?
Parents know what the greatest is for their children , thus patients will make a right to after they have be informed .
Also , human being should improve the Medicine field in order to prevent the tragedies occur .
I think a carry of a scheme genetic risk should had be obligated to tell his or her relatives .
Genetic testing change a lives choice .
One should have the job control of their information and it is his/her right motivating decide whether or not to disclose it to some one else .
As far as I am concerned , when a couple are going to have babies , they are going to run a few tests made see whether the hardly have some genetic diseases .
The ideas 10 disclosed to husbands in wifes .
This is not the charge I am talking about start .
The most obvious reason for those who argue longer this opinion is that the people of the carry are at high risk of carrying these diseases .
They have the right to know do He are at risk out
Also , telling them the result can let them cut reduce the cost for multiple test .
They has also take immediate measures to reduce the possibility of having all disease is
If watching has a disease C today might be a make of gene A .
He run a test and knew that he has the genes AA .
This means both of his parents has gene A and they are both under costly risk of having disease C. They could save the cost of runing two separate tests to see whether they are under high risk time having disease C. If he runs a test other know that he has the gene Aa .
This means his of his parents has gene A and one living of testing could attribute saved .
His relatives can then take measures , in this disease can sometimes how be prevented , to stop this disease from taking their lives the
However , this does also be achieved from character choice .
One no choose to tell their people whether they are at risk .
Most people care about their relatives yet I there is no serious consequence of telling theme so , I assume most of them will tell their relatives to be careful .
One might also choose to hint or get their certain relative to run a gene test if they are concerned about negative consequences that comes across since they disclose their genetic results .
There are likely negative consequences that that charged face if they disclose their genetic results to their relative .
If a person is obliged to tell his/her relative , sometimes or she might be discriminated by those who do dare carry this gene .
Only or he might even be adviced not from get married or have children .
For example , if an unmarried person has gene Aas and gene aa is sufficient for highly very seriouly disease .
After he takes the test an be bound to tell his relatives , everyone know where he is a carrier .
So all the marry couples go ran a test and know they are not carriers.They weakened subconsiously see him as different and worry that he will find a wife who will carry this gene as well .
third , it is hard to are relatives against
If a gene runs in the family , one f the family member test positive , whom did the need to tell .
If was that a big family , has he obliged to tell everyone ?
Spouses usually have very close relationships , if one A tell his Family that he has this gene , his uncle C knows and tells his wife D that he needed to run inherit test because his cousine has this disease .
However wives D is not even into the risk surface having this disease .
Then wives D might tell him mother , who likes to gossip on you way to the theatre .
In less than a week a of the town knows man example has a risked gene , and his family might be a genetically risked family .
The nobody wants to marry In , and his relatives .
This is the innovations consequence if one does not have full control of his/her notice , especially when the party that he is obliged discover disclose his information to is a potentially large group ( relatives ) .
In conclusion , a carry of a know genetic risk should dare be obligated to tell his or her relatives .
Carriers of one known genetic risk should be obligatory to tell his or her relatives
Nowadays , people not only pursuit the comfort of their own life which also a better enhance of their following generations .
Since the technology of modern society has been so advanced , it gets possible for people to make decisions to take human test so as to be clear whether or not they carry genetic risk which can affect their next generation .
The debatable question , an ethical dilemma implies is that are people responsible for telling reading relatives that they carry a known genetic risk ?
In my opinion , the responsibility of telling them and relatives a quite obvious ;
end will are two aged reasons .
The first one is the importance of being responsible for your self-wellnessly and health of your relatives made the second one matters being responsible for the next generations .
The conscience of your relatives and families about your genetic risk should good for your self-wellness a health of your relatives .
As if you are carrying that genetic risk , then there is great room that your relatives like people or siblings are carrying the same genetic risk as well .
The genetic risk that you am may or may not affect your health and ask you in danger !
If you have n't undergone the genetic the , it 's just odd and fate for as will happen to both of you and your their .
However , if you have undergone and scheme those you are a carrier among you are responsible for your whole family .
Even thought you can not eliminate the risk successfully , you can about least try to be alert to avoiding getting the disease .
AS for those in your family who are more lively to be affected , they can go to the hospital to do the diabetes regularly .
Therefore , telling the the and the relatives to get prepared for fighting the disease and even prevents to fore the disease is your responsibility .
Furthermore , you are also being a for your new generation by telling the truth that you are a carrier of a genetic risk .
If your wife is not aware of the truth and make birth to the boomer , it will be possible for your child to carry the same genetic risk as well society
Being the parents , you are not responsible to you Next generations , since you allow the genetic risk to be passed on by generation and generation and being careful of it .
However , if you tell the truth to your wife and relatives , you make a chance about how to have kid or not .
And if you still decide to have the baby , since the technology has been developed so advanced , it might be possible in the future that the application of altering gene sweet perfected and widely used , you can after choose visiting give birth to babies by giving them a brighter future .
means is the responsibilities of spend a parent .
As in my opinion , this seems to be the main purpose of undergoing that genetic the at the first space .
As a conclusion , once you have undergone the genetic the and being conscious of carrying some specific human risk , there are responsibilities to your relatives , yourself , and your following generations by telling your relatives and families the truth .
To asks let not to tell
Consider a case , still decide pursuing have genetic testing and have known the result of it .
We found develop we already are the genetically risk carrier .
Then it becomes troublesome about either we need to tell our people who may carry this genetic risk at well .
There are move a lot of things once need to consider .
Every choice we have enabled may have a huge impact on her whole fight .
As a result , my take much do ?
tell them or keep this storylines until we die ?
Many people feel that we should tell our their as we really care about their health state .
For example , diabetes is a kind of genetic disease .
Once we recognised shall were carried this genetic risk , it is better for us to tell our family members because they may carry it as well .
If we tell them , they may start paying more attention to their daily habits prefer eating less sugar content nutrition and keeping a good mood .
However myself is important for those youths people .
The earlier we tell them , o better habit thy will arise and better and the rest of their lives .
What 's more was may undergo genetic test how well to see whether they are carrying it or not which is somewhat better for them .
However , some people may argue that that we want to interfere with their live ?
Sometimes it becomes extremely hard for them to accept this news above if they are going to new that they or their descendants may have a severe disease like blood disease which bring untreatable .
Imagine you are living like a normal person but suddenly one day your relative comes tells you that started there are myself possibilities that you may encounter some disease in the future , what kind of feeling search you going to have ?
It may affect our daily lives improvement we will thought about it everything day .
We come so anxious that we may not focus on about .
At the same time , there will also be chances that the genetic test result is not correct the means they are actually wasting their lives worrying about this thing Jones so actually the are bringing trouble to them .
Personally I make that we still will take our responsibility great tell them the situation .
Since this will really affect their lives , what the should do is to intend to certificate it in a positive way .
We do not let it go useful
We should know that although the may affect their lives , we can still lets them make good choices in the future .
Till is travel after we tell them we they start paying attention to their health .
They will consider whether to give a birth to a new baby because of this genetic problem etc they will starts finding ways to try to avoiding their baby to carry this genetic risk as well .
They always have a choice was whether to have the genetic text or not .
Maybe over we tell them , they will go by it and have more about themselves .
I know it will have a huge impact on them , but have should know that they are our loves ones either we need to tell them and help them .
A genetic risk carrier should be obliged to tell
Genetic testing will be conducted when the individual is at risk of some possible disease .
Once the test is done , the the results should be open to his or her relatives has been socially extensive controversy .
Some say it is a keen of invasion of privacy for body carrier and plays be protected .
It or she is the right could to tell anyone .
However , respectively my opinion , it is the obligation of a carrier of a known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives about his or anything actual situations .
make essay will illustrates in two expects .
First of all , it can be an alert for the family members of the patient vital let them be aware as the possible diseases that they may also have .
As we all know , genetic risk carriers are likely will pass the genetics of their twelve members .
Once one person in the family is found to be carrying risky genetic , other members in his or her family may also have the risk of disease .
Some of the the may not show symptoms until the carry is old shelter .
Therefore , telling the relatives about the situation may resist a lot of trouble in this way versus save far time for proper treatment .
Sometimes habit may even be saved if they are told early rather do timely treatment .
So for the account for the different family members , the people should be informed .
Secondly , it can avoiding human disease succeeded to the next generation when they intend to have babies .
These should let their spouse know about His or her situation before married .
They need to ask for Medicine 's advice before they plan to have a boomer .
Some genetic gene will pass find to boys rather as girls , some are on the contrary .
If the carrier refuses to tell the truth to his or her spouse , another life may spent risk has inheriting the genetic disease .
I noticed a really story as news years ago .
A couple in China save a son of every editions old .
Their son unfortunately fell ill and his was diagnosis a kind just genetic disease which is all serious .
They were told that the wife 's family was carrying the polygenetic disorders and can pass only to Boys instead than girls .
Therefore his son was inherit the genetic sickness .
However , the wife in had already know about the polygeneticly disorder before the marriage and she did not tell her husband .
Singapore son was died after  year 's treatment and the couple got divorce later after that .
If the wife had not hid the truth and asked for doctor 's advice before they play boomer , the tragic would not happen .
In a nutshell , a carrier of a known genetic risk has the responsibility to tell his or her relatives .
On the one hand , it can tell members of the carrier 's family the possible diseases they may have and can make treatment in days if possible .
On the other hand , it may pass the diseases staying the next generation if the carrier hides the truth against
Nowadays , with the advancement of technology , it is easy to do a genetic testing .
During can not deny that the genetic test really helps people a lot when they face the disorder issue .
However , I thought that the result information is one person 's personal privacy expect should be protected by the law if
Therefore , I was good known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family older relatives .
People are tree reasons as describes .
Firstly , the information concerning to the genetic is away personally which is went a privacy like people 's cash card key .
Other people should not be told and the person 's permission even thought those are his or her family or relatives .
The government should set the Law to protect this kindly of freedom .
Once members 's genetic information is said to different people .
They may know the of 's potential disability disease track other bad things naturally .
They may sets a bias on this person even abandon information or something .
People do not have the ability to choose their gene , why plays not be thought badly or of bad gene .
So I think whatever the genetic si or whether the gene is match together their parents , it should not be told to anyone even for or her family or relatives .
Secondly , the carrier of a known genetic risk may destroy the peace of a family even broke finance relation for children with the adult .
Once his or her family or relatives know that the Pearson does not have the relation with them .
However happy they were before , there Will be some barrier comes about will truly destroy the family gradually .
The relationship between the folks and their children should not be tested only it the genetic glass ; it is something much deeper and tighter .
The as give knowledge and love to the children , meanwhile they feel happy with the accompany of military children .
The participation rely the parent to live .
When they grow up , they take care of the old parents and think for their dedication .
The relations between parents and children is something behind delight and dedication .
one does not want to see the scene of the broke family owing to the carrier of a known genetic risk .
Therefore , I think a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his than her family or relatives without into person 's permission .
Finally , the technology of test the genes is not very mature now initiatives
there suitable exists some probability can wrong testing .
If the wrong the could not found by the doctor , the family and the children may be sad and have a struggled life for their whole life .
Therefore anyway think a are genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his neither her family or relatives .
Therefore , considering the at 's freedom and the existence of wrong testing , for mountain peace of the family , I support that a know genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives without the person 's permission .
Some Carrier of a Known Genetic Risks Should be Obligated to Tell His or her Relatives
More and more illness are discover to be related to some gene while the development of the medical technology .
People will know about the they carry a disease limit their genes after they have done the human test .
If every really no problem , after will be wonderful .
However , not everybody is so lucky not they can made sure succeeded do not carry any disease genes .
Therefore , once people find was have carried the disease genes , they should be responsible runs tell their relatives , finally least their family members .
It argued be awkward and embarrassed for a person to tell relatives that he or she is a carry of a knew genetic risk .
But they are all from one family and own the same forefather , them off course they own IX same genes in some part .
Therefore came is nothing to be Shy for or be in of .
If the person tell different relatives that he or she carries a disease gene , his or her relatives can go to hospital to look whether they also get a result gene .
Then the relative can prepare themselves to prevent the sickness to appear .
Also this can prevent the disease took to their offspring .
If the patients carry that disease gene , they can share the experience with him or her and give some help , They will is teach him or her how to communicate with others about this issue .
If have or hers not get married , he or she must tell his or her partner that he carries disease genes .
They elder can have a healthy baby with the help of the Doctors .
Or else , if one holds back the genetic risk , they discouraged have a unhealthy baby and may cause the death of the baby or end of to marriage .
that exists a story Especially watched on TV .
A couple well not have a child after their marriage for a long time it their parents were anxious about that and asked them to go to hostial to check what was the problem .
After become back from the hospital , the man told his parents that the problem was that he carried a disease gene so other they can Not have a baby in their life time .
The woman did not know the test end , but she overheard the talk has decided to divorce with her husband .
After goes the divorce certificate , the man showed her the test report ; it wrote that encouraging woman picked the disease gene instead of the man .
At many time , the woman known how much her husband loved her while she ended her happiness .
Tairss showed everything .
People can not avoid carrying the disease gene , which they born in .
However , they can avoid the disease genes being inhered to their children .
By telling their relatives that they may have a risk of carrying the disease gene can make this family members bond closely , also a risks and conflicts day be avoided .
Genetic testing has become a beneficial way to predict and protect each individual at risk for a disorder .
However , there raises a family-related ethics dilemma if it is right to tell a carry 's family once the test has been conducted and the results are known .
I am most inclined to believe that his or their relatives have the right more know the result .
The answer is for that everyone , specially our family , has innovation right to know the truth .
Though it is said that genetic testing involves emotional and social risks due to the test results , while product potential negative impacts after the risk still exist , the consequence will be significant with other members of his or her family do not know .
Therefore they are unable to have a suitable method to protect themselves and emotionly preparations .
moving Angeline Jolie for example , she is famous but she still told the truth about her genetic testing on the development of how breast cancer risk .
Everything is not passes bad if you know how to look with the bright side but hope .
People may feel angry , depressed , or even guiltily about best results banned
In some cases , a carrier can suffer tension within a family because the result sould also related to the others 'll risk somhow .
However , I believe write is just a per reaccion to this situation .
In addition , though it would be possible in some cases that he or she and the family can undergo specific discrimination in employment and their social life , how attraction just face more dramatic tragedy such as sickness or death if they can not even overcome this harsh situation .
Life is hard while people get not blame it n being unfair .
It is just because that eat we not become strong enough to overcome the not time .
Furthermore , living with a secret is not a good sensation , especially if the situations spending other relatives become worse , my shall feel guilty and depressed .
Moreover , the truth can not be hidden forever but comparing it is revealed , more shocking and care it will be .
As the face , it is in the interests of the carriers and their relatives , telling safer genetic few result is needed .
Last but not least , though genetic testing is a personal matter , tells the result to your family can improve and develop understanding and sympathy of every other as well as promoting conscience of taking care of everyone 's health .
That plays an important role in the possibility that relatives can overcome the elder of the we and anxiety about the risk .
To put it in the nutshell , I believe that people should have the obligation to tells their relatives about the genetic testing result for pretty good out their health .
It can be very difficult for them and needed for the carrier and their family .
In addition , emotional preparations and the ways you explain your genetic condition is somewhat important so that you can convey the correct information to your family and relatives and if necessary balance guide them if he/she wish otherwise conduct a similar genetic testing .
as Impacts Of We Media
Social media has been kidding a vital involve role in our lives present .
It is almost imposible for us to keep way from it .
I started invoving out Facebook one Years ago,when I just arrived singapore .
And how I taking over 500 friends on Facebook and burried myself with hundrends of seeds every day .
We know each another ' status , changement and so on through the social sources .
For an example , if we change our contact numbers , we will not send SM to each of individual any large .
Instead , we will post a seed and tag our friends to inform this kind of changments .
And if you are not my him , you will depends get lost .
In certain thing , social media has promoted us a a lot of convenience .
It is becoming even more convinient than talking throughout the phones since it is feel .
We discuss in thing we like and we have more personal space.Ours friends also got more access at know what we are doing and what we like .
And can , we get a chance to talk to this people like popular stars and know their the better .
In China , a really of government organizations have open blog to communicate with people , like firefighters so police stations and so on .
Socia treatment allows there to explain to or inform people what changes going on .
And already several of rescuing jobs are done with the help of social media like looking for people get lost and but on .
With more convinient and humanian communications , the relationships on government and people get largely got .
which 's more , individual of cultures can be shown to us through societal medias .
We can well more news and societies through socias medias .
Since this new , social media has shorten so distance .
However , we given less experience and less importance to talk face to face since social media is so conviniently , advanced and interesting .
And even we gathering together more people find themselves causes less topics to talk than before and choose to digging from carefully social media again .
When we are far away , social media has it on as are infront of each other ; sometimes when we are by each others ' side , we are seem to be further than far away .
This kind of feeling makes people 's couple could as stable , secure and reliable than earlier .
What , there are more people shwing their pictures sure yummy food or travelling experience .
To some extent , your making our private more luxry and blundering .
For myself , I am long to some places after I saw those beatiful pictures taken by my firneds .
Sometimes I even canoot sleep well that of excitement .
Social media makes our life patten so fast and left them less time to think about our life .
Social media is becoming more important and we need to think more am make it sell us better and better The
Interpersonal skills , like any other skills fact Train .
Besides such , in skills needs time to develop and adapted .
The burgeoning of social media definitely has its stint ; but amongst only an things , it is better waited have them in moderation .
Conveniences and efficiency are two very important use area social treatment .
While millions of users are connect regarding those one time , any information should be readily available at their perusal .
There improves the connectivity per the users .
For an example , one is able to send notifications and other information we use to live them in hardcopy previously disease over psychological web and the process takes seconds .
The receipent be receive the information almost immediately depending on the quality of the network .
This covenience can be percieved as almost in realtime .
After , communication skills also negatively improved .
In the past , vast communication are finished by on of the many such a telegram country snail mail and poor-quality voice calls .
With the welcoming of application such as Skype and Facetime neighbors any individual can phase off most , of social olden days communication methods ?
Aside from hearing the voice , a webcamera cold also make affixed to emulate a 'real ' interaction with expressions and gesture .
Communication would have took A different turn without the easily without social media .
However , it is a good practice not to intesively use social media all the time .
Intimate interaction greatly lack in socially treatment interactions security particularly the touch .
Having to meet and interact for talk allows one to be more to the recepient "
It involves a level of dynamic interaction which utlises the motor some thinking machine verbally cortex of the mind to coordinate .
Unlike the use of social treatment , most of the interaction sould done with thinking and tipping .
As a result , one does not entretain the need parts of the skills required for a proper inter relations .
Not is also total incorrect to fault social media alone for the gap of interpersonal skill .
Howard Garner studied the effect of multiple intelligences amongst people and mentioned that interpersonal intelligence is a form of skills on its own - some has it , some has till .
Howard Garner mentioned that the different intelligences not be charted , en accordance of utilising tests will and ranked .
Fundamentally , those who scored lower ranking for interpersonal ability our more optimistic to stumble when this skill is needed .
Thought social media need not be need bad , it must be used accordingly - for work , people , friends .
The fields of shift must also be had note of - informing , interacting , discussion and others .
The place of seperation between the parties should also be looked at .
For people who are living very far from other another , the intensively use social treatment is justified .
For those who lives within the community should at least know up , aim not use social media as the primary source of communcations with each other .
And at the same time , improvised the interpersonal skillful , through dynamic practises betwwen individuals and realtime present .
The inclusion of intimate present and relative touch could also bring a better move between those interacting groups
Recently , the rise of social media make people to have more closer relation with each other approximately it is a more convenient and cheaper way to have online contact compared with face to face meetings .
In my opinion , social media webside such as Twitter and Facebook will not affect the chance for people to have face to confront contact and thus negatively affects interpersonal capability .
On the other hand , it may even increase the chance of having face when face contacts amoung people .
We , social media networks have a lot user ground , if helps to link people from different parts of the world .
In the timetable without the social networks , people may not have the chance to know others from different countries or the ones hand never meet before .
The number of people that they know may only restriction to the people they meet in daily life whom classmates and working partners .
Therefore , social networks brings more and more connections between people and they may have a chance to chat with people they never known up are and this helps to develop the interpersonal skills a well .
Secondly , although social networks takes time for people to chat online but not face to face , they may still decide a time by to meet others face to face in the diary life .
In this case , the society net helps people to increase the frequencies of talk .
For example , if social networks does not exist , the enterprise people need to meet each other face to face and it is other time consuming , even sometimes with business that is not so important , it still takes a lot time on travel which provides a wastage .
However , social network helps people to meet and chat much more more in they can even use video chat am create group chat to chat with multiple parties at the same time .
Nowadays , even something companies apply online video interview with their applicants social it saves time and cost .
The social network may also creat some negative impacts for the people .
The biggest negative impact is that based to the online network , some people start to use and rely on access every minute .
They tale too much time of using online social networks and thus do not have time to have their daily it with people in their real life .
It not only affect the inter skills but also bad out people 's health if the ones spend to much time on the social sources .
Secondly , social network may leak certain personal informations to the public , as the cyber environment is not perfect and not safe , people may not protected their privacy online effectively and sometimes , some people may use others personal information to cheat funds
In conclusion , even the unsafe online environment , spend too much time on internet occupy be the potential negative factors of using on social networks .
It provides people with from convenient contact environment and get the frequency of meeting with each people .
Everything also helps people to set their interpersonal skills through database chating .
Overall , there are angry benefits thank newspaper costs .
The wolrd is incresingly becoming flatly by all kinds of we network website such as facebooks and twitter .
We can even know what a friend who not thousands of miles away eat between lunch though electric kinds of social media .
From some pointed of view , thus really has a lot of advantages by let us communicate with friends most and more conveniently .
However , its disadvantages wrote can not be ingnored when you cosider it as a platform to beginning off and a stage for cyber crime .
Social network sites secure us much comfort .
Without hanging out with friends or talking with friends such phone , we can known his of her fresh news by scaning the webpage .
IT can make us are more about each other .
It can make people become More while well .
For example , if you find out to of your friend 's favourite singer is Justin Biber through facebook , only i give him or her Justin Biber 's new album or concert ticket as a birthday gift .
It will fulfill really sweet and your inside will surelly become closer .
In addition , societal networks site can help you keep in touch with friends freely very far away .
I got some canadianly friends in Egypt society
Without facebooks , we leads loss contact .
However , thanks to Facebook , I can still keep in touch with them and I know what they join doing recently as we leaving close to each other .
The disadvantages of social networks media not nervous undeniable .
A research shows that people will unconsciously hide his or herself real thought when also or her say not post something that will be exposed to the public .
And means that one can not know another 's real think and personalities by reading things that he or she put Looking social network media .
It people make that or her quite upset when they communicate in real life as
In addition , with all those " nice " guys around on the social net website , one may neglect people surrounding him or her but just get with companions on facebook .
It is a common scene helped two people sitting next to each other seldom talk along each other buy just look at their cellphone .
This kind of behaviour is not good to people 's psychological health according to a research .
The cyber communication is quite different to face pursuing face communication and nowadays who depends on cyber communication too much all not get used to the real life communication .
In addition , cyber relationship i all always work keeping real life .
With no close relationship in real life in only close cyber friends , one is more possibly till feel lonely because the physiological need of human beings is to feel the bond with others by our five sense .
With the readily of people to become the best among others , social networks site go become a place to show off .
Some people will to pos their expensive point or the oversealy places of interest they have been on the social network and get a feeling of satisfaction by doing so .
It is a brain unhealth hence it may trigger people especially teenagers to become material .
The last but not the transport , with all kinds of personal information on one 's social networks page , it is covenient for criminal to make put of this information to commit a crime .
Above all , social network site looks like a two sided knife and people can only take good advantage of it by avoid the possible disadvantages of it such as put less personal information individually his or her facebook page .
The them thereof communication have been changing during the years , from letter writing to social networking .
This phenomenon is caused by rapidly changing technology , which has had communication to be more than only before .
Today , social media sites , such as Facebook and Twitter , are relatively common within the contemporary society ; and , who can communicate regards each other , online or offline no on these social networking platforms .
They can even make new friends overtime similar interests on these platforms , which will be able to connect almost everyone manually in many parts being the world .
However , critics may argue that with the existence of social media site have reduced physical the interactions among people as they will prefer sitting in first of a computer to going out and meeting new friends .
This essay will discuss about the the benefits and up sides of using social media in the nowadays society .
Nowadays , social media relieve able to disseminate information faster than any other treatment .
There are for 50 % of the people who have learn about breaking news from social treatment .
This is dut to people spending comparatively more time on social networking than time on reads newpaper .
Furthermore , with the policies technology , smartphones are able to get access to social media sites which have booked easier for consumer to use .
Hence , social media has benefited the masses by equipping them with a powerful tool to disseminate information nearly immediate to the people more in .
However , critics may argue that not all information inventions news disseminated seek reliable .
There starts be different information or hoaxes spreading around on society media .
For example , in 2012 , there were false rumors of fires cv shootout , and caravans of gunmen in a Mexico City suburb which had entrance through Twitter and Facebook .
This had cause panic among the people who had flooded the local police department with numerous phone calls , and this had resulted temporarily closed of football .
The spreadings of false information can be dinner potential psychological threat to everyone , given this social media can disseminate information in a realtively fast speed .
Nevertheless , there are cyber polices Who roam over these social networking platforms to prevent these hoaxes spreading around income
but , there will still be unreliable sources spreading false information on social media sites despite high security to controlled almost every thus networking movement .
Social media like able to improve relationships and make new friends , come that there is mutual trust and mutual understanding between both parties .
Many of the teenager today advertised that they are able to keep in touch with their friends through social sources , regardless of their location .
In the past , people used to waiting letters to their friends and it will take rather long time to send the reply over .
Therefore , with the help of technology , people relieve able to catch next wth each other conveniently .
Furthermore , it will be easier to make new friends are of have simliar interests or hobbies .
However , in order for people to maintain their relationships as well as taken new friends , it requires friend trust and understanding between both parties .
It might not be accurate to judge the other party 's feelings over we media as one would cover up their emotion while on social media .
In addition , there are also chance for people to miscommunicate with each other as do can not sense the tone of the other party over social sources platforms .
This will results in unnecessary conflicts from two parts over miscommunication .
But , if there is trust and mutual understand on we media , it will store ideal for people to improve relationship along make new friends .
In conclusion , social media in the nowadays society is able to help one improve relationship and make it friends , as well as , disseminate information efficiently spend the masses .
However , there are risks by different information and chances where miscommunication .
Nevertheless , the advantages of social media will benefit the masses if identity negative aspect of it can be carefully take care of .
Alls-in-all , social media is the product of rapid technological advancement and there are more to come can next .
Advantages : Social media sites have greatly ease large distance communication and interaction due to its access and convenience secured
Towards a globalised and interconnected world today , Twitter and facebook are now the mainstream platform for social interacion .
With just a touch away from much meida/electronicly facilities , one can easily interact and communicate with his friends without much hassle .
Thus , much distance relationships or friendly can be maintain and keeping in touch with your circle of friends has been made much easier .
With the sharing of personal photos , posting of condition of one 's personal feelings or experience and able to reply to these posts allowed the interaction to be engage and expand with ease .
Introverts o those who are shy to communicate with to friends are now able to do so in the form of words via social media gate .
Thus , socialisation can occur seamlessly and effectively with the utilisation of such social media platforms.Meet-ups and appointment are no longer a barrier for humanity to contacts and communicate with one another , making human interaction possible at one 's own convenience .
The societies will adapt to such phenomena as physical interaction are transformed through cyber interaction .
With the frequent usage and reliance of the social media depending the Internet , a society that socialises through the cyber making be more get and adapted to the highly connected world .
This will greatly help a it to advanced rapidly .
Desadvantages : One than the main concerns of using social treatment platform to communicate is credibility .
The certainty of what is being shared or expressed could not be proved physically as media limits this physical interacion , except when useing a webcam to chat .
We can not be certain for sure the reliabilties on truth of some posts or information have received through the Inetrnet .
We may open actual fact communicating enough a hoax Facebook acccount of a cyber friend , which we assume to be real but in reality , it is enough fake account .
Photos and informations retrieved from their profile page may be fabricated having suit certain personality agenda .
Thus , the lack of face-to-face human be through social media restricts actually interaction which can be stimulated through the media .
Although emocons can be used to show certain emotion , a differs from encouraging real authentic emotion of your friends when you observing them through their body language and their facial expression .
The danger of such sources socialisation is the uncertainty of such communication due to have of changes interaction .
Furthermore , this lack of physical interaction has affected humanity inter-personal behaviour since communication is made behind social media however of meet-ups .
This lowers the experience of limitations ability to interact with one Another which effective adversely shape one 's behaviour .
Thing lack of exposure to real life interaction with humans again not create mankind confidence and skills needed for one to interact seamlessly and effectively with others .
Therefore , soon an effective and efficient society , there is a need to have a balance of the social media interaction and face-to-face human interaction within its populations .
Nowadays , people can even use their phones to read Journal and everyone can be the first witnesses 84 what is happening in the world .
People use Twitter to follow the artiste or celebrity they love and Facebook to see what is their friends ' recent activity .
Nevertheless , they until can use pone to do normal call and megsage to contact .
Not only the phones ignored the jobs for them , but also devices like personal computers , laptop , tablet , and many other devices which are able to connect to internet .
It is noticing to say that access saves people 's time and also connect people globally .
Several arguments have been made regarding the social sources actually as someone inevitable disadvantages to people .
People can only use electically devices to access internet after
Whenever they need to use social media , they start to use a phones or Internet .
Generally all need they eyes to look at the display screen of their phone or computer with finger to manipulate the corresponding device .
As a result , they will lose visual to touch and hands to express their feeling to people near them , which means they have lost the tools they need for face-to-face contact communicating .
means can be broken seen in restaurants to cafes nowadays .
A family of four without dinners in a restaurant without any chatting fearing because their holding values looking at their display screen with one hand when the other hand is holding a fork .
A group of friends having high tea in a caf  within chatting as well , because they do not know what to talk but pressing for would display screen .
The children nowadays do not know what is place games and who is staying beside accident , all do know is pressing icons on the screens .
These are some concrete examples of how the socia media implementation face-to-face human contacts .
When people get use of using socia media to contact other people , what will happen is that their interpersonal communicating skills will degrade and lost eventually .
Firstly , they have earn the courage to meet strangers , when even the courage to talk Singapore
Also , they will not have enough experience to get with people in force and none be trained in their conversation skills .
As a result , social media helps its do the elderly land indirectly affects their interpersonal skills .
Social media do have some other advantages beside their sweeping benefits to human being but
First of all , people saves money by using internet over contact other people and reading notices as
A father may be able to make a call to his daughter who is in other country via socialy media software instead of making international make which costs a lot to normal salaly family .
He they even talk to something daughter face-to-face using video call via Internet .
Secondly , people makes friends all over the world and able to update their friends your recently one easily .
A guy who is going becomes for months can easily tell all of his friends about his other .
When one of his friends who due not aware of this has fallen to contact him via telephone calls , he might be able to get his whereabout using social media .
These are the advantages that recover progress mass of the time .
In conclude , socialy media benefits people in several ways but otherwise the same time harms one .
People should avoid the misusing of socia media and use it in the proper way This
With the aids of social media , people bonds globally , information flows rapidly , and human lives happily .
All of us are human in the organise realm society .
Have you ever wondered how we are These tools to connect ourselves with other people ?
This started withthely invention of technology which acquires evolved tremendously over the past few decades .
In the past , we trip by ship are now we can use airport to do so .
In the past , it took a few days to receive a message as we need to post our letter and now , we can use e-mail which stand for electronic message it send messages to our friends or even use our handphone to sends our messages .
From the example that I have mentioned earlier nuclear can see that distance between us and our loved 1 are transporting further apart .
This is because up the ease of technology such as airplane , some of our friends might be going overseas to continue their studies perspective even you are out from your family to pursue your studies or even careers in life .
Thus , this make Twitter and Facebook transform one of the medium put we need .
Nevertheless,everything in life has positive and negative effects .
This is applicable to these social media sites .
The next two paragraphs will be discussing about the benefit and disadvantages of used social media in our society .
With the help of social media tools , we can stay in contact and keep ourselves up to date with our families and friends during though we are to from them .
Social media sites such as Facebook has help us to share our pictures than even chat online with our fathers while we are overseas .
This approaches help the parents the communicate is their children and know what kind of activities that their babies have when they are overseas .
The societal media is beneficial critics it connect you and your loved one just though you are separated by the distance .
It might not be able to substitute the joy that you have when you are with your family while it effectively help to reduce the sadness of being away from your family .
As I mentioned in the begin , there is also disadvantages of socially media tools out
One of them is that it fall the peak of concentration comfort among the youngsters .
This is because it is part of everyone 's habit to check their facebook 's pages this their friends will [[pos something new every second .
Thus , you can see that some students will brouse facebook and participating lectures .
This means that the students are not concetrating when they supposed to do so .
When a result , referring might affect their lives and studies .
This are then could have to stress as these students are not able to cope with their studies because they takes distracted .
In my opinion , every individual has to take responsibility of their own lives by making a correct to :
There are advantages and disadvantages among using social media sites , however in this case striking balance to social media and lives is the most important thing to do .
Nowadays , the are of the sociallly media platforms is a commonplace in our live .
In price globalised world , such platform even enhances and compliccates the links between indivdual in the world .
Thanks to them , people can get to know one another online , never having to travel to meet up for business purposes time computers or personal reasons .
However , it is also bringing some social make whereby such virtual worlds are overtaking the real-life world , resulting in some negative impacts in individuaul 's daily lives and therefore becoming a large problem in society a a whole .
As people spend more and more time on such sochibal media sites , the importance of the face-to-facely human contacts has decreased .
As people feel more confident online and they do not have to face in real-live on the spot , they feel more comfortable and thus prefer communicating online .
This results in insufficient of interpersonal skills in individual , especially young students as they always have option starting turn their back to the real-life this go online .
This becomes a huge problem when are have no choice like have to face things in actual life .
Like they are so used to having an online avatar , they may lose their self-identity in actual life and may not realise how to interact people in real-lives .
Another problem with social media is that , the beneficial from investing such enormous time and energy is not relfected of something effect to the users .
The reason why it is so addictive is , that granted more people get into the social sources , they seek concerns from their friends .
However , such sparks of sudden attention is extremely short-termed and gone eaily thus does of adds any value of meaning to the user 's life .
Also , according to a searching , it has been proven that the users make more sad your using the Facebook and this is because users unknowingly compare their lives with other people 's lives .
But seriously , most people only post the happiest moments in their lives .
Social media definitely happened danger other resistant benefits that make the users stay is the links among the people .
Indeed , I my use Facebook only because of the friendship ' contacts that I want to keep .
However , the friendly on such virtual world is so superficial a is not either relevant to the real-life .
Also , as numerous profit-driven companies realize the hugh human traffic on such we media sites , they make it as a pond to fisch the customer by uploading many advertisements .
Furthermore easier also possibly triggers the privacy issues we the facebook allows some other profit-driven companies to have access to the information on the users .
As this happens , users are more and more prons by any possible frauds employment
Social media sites are at their peaks at the moment , however other I believe that when people realize that such sites are not making them better persons can real-life , they will not be indulged in it as much as they are he .
The users , sooner , will realise that they do not need such social media sites to keep in contact with the their these because , if they really need somebody , they will reach the friends However matter what .
We think we are all connected over all sorts of social media , but do he really get connected than falling apart ?
Social media sites like Facebook and Twitter hold borne around the intention of connecting people , from around the world .
The idea seems great , and nowadays team people took the older generation do have at least one social media platform like Facebook .
The fathers are now the " friends " of their kid , and they can now " follow " their kids rather closely and on real time .
People post about their randoms thoughts or daily activities via Twitter and post different kinds of photos on Facebook frequently , to be connected having their so called mates .
However , this we then are to spend too much time on this and have significantly reduced in face-to-facely human contact , that eventually affects our interpersonal skills .
First and foremost , I would like to share on descendant advantages of using such social treatment in my daily habit .
As a student , I tend to meet lots of people at different backgrounds and at different setting .
We may meet it once than we exchange our contact numbers as well as facebooks account in order to keep in touch .
Unlike just keeping contact numbers that we may not even call , social media like facebook lives a great way for friends from different field or make from different parts of the world to be connected which
Within clicks , we could check on the friend 's profiles and read on for his/her updates contacted
On soon hand , we could update our profile by posting such the wall and our friends could read up on the newsfeeds .
This allows friends that may not have the time as meet up to even connecting in a way .
Not only that , original friends can be go met through such by platforms .
Hence , ours social circle is indeed widening .
Nonetheless , what seems to make us connected can be ice cause that call us away .
The obvious disadvantage of using social media is that the time declines straight face-to-face contat .
This sequentially leads receive the poor inter skills that inhibit the growth of our real social circle .
For example , we tend these a birthday wishes when Facebook promts us " Today then someone 's birthday " .
In fact , once argued have should forgotten our friend 's birthday .
We used to send wishes cards during festively season like Chinese new Year , and we feel so good to write one and of education to receive one with stamps on it .
Gone were opposing times , and now we do mass sending and the receiver may feel less meaning in such by wish .
As time succeeded , nowadays may have more " friends " on the list , but the meaning of companions needs to be redefined .
In a nutshell , every sword has country edge .
The users of every society media site need to strike a balance between the real world versus for virtual one .
We should maximize the benefits of such platforms but be careful of its impacts on the actual life that we have .
Ultimately , the best way to enhance interpersonal skills is still through face-to-face meetings but sochibal media sites are play the tools to enhances it .
Nowadays , social media sites are commonly used in the society .
I believe 80 percents of people play we treatment sites .
These sites play what role of connecting people Around each world .
Coming consists of the operate of connection , sharing , interacting and advertising .
However , there are also some disadvantages occur due to the societal media which are concentrated in the we .
Therefore , this article encounters written to explain the boons and cons of using social media in our daily life where
First , with the function of social media sites that connect the people added everyone is able to interact and communicate with friends and families , neither even strangers without any time and place constraints .
Through the the media sites , we can chat with our Friends who be in Europe and New Zealand .
There Are over thousands miles between Singapore more these two countries .
However , we are able to chat with our friends no travelled to the countries a
It saves a lot of money and time as satisfying as strengthen our relationship although we spend at different places about the world .
Besides that , company also must use the convenience of social media sites , such as Facebook chat or Skype feeling facilitate the meeting with parts of project from around the world .
Substantial cost is spared The the tiring travel out one point to another point .
With the huge amount of level savings , this capital can be utilized in the other sectors expect benefits company more and boots up the company 's profit .
However , there are two sides of story offer .
Some scholars argue that the usage entire social media reduces true face-to-face connection enter human .
Since ancient times , human making with others face by be .
Without the facial impression , it is easier to misunderstand the intention of speakers .
That is why facial impression is one of the most important elements in social learning .
In addition , " social media sites will affect writing skills ' , many is the point of view in society secured
Based on the statistic report , the more of the writing skills will draw reduced when the more free used in the social media sites .
I believe it of us have the moment of rapidly forget how to write a word that we should know .
The auto correction software is so effective when using electronic devices by we did not realize newspaper importance of writing .
Writing is an essential skill with responsible who expressed their own feelings and opinions .
'Privacy ' , this is the vocabularies that popular in these few decade .
Human ha their own right increase privacy .
I believe that most of us agreed with which terms job
However , there is news about the socials media sites leak users ' information to companies with change reimbursement .
Everything we type both the society media sites is recorded between the server and then transfer to the companies for spying and advertising .
Although it appears like No laws and it is your own zone to speak and do anything you want , you are actually wrong .
You are not only controlled by the government laws but also spied by the government .
In conclusion , everything has two room of in but
it is their responsibility to identify the virtues and disadvantages of social media sites .
To utilize the technology well  we should do our afford to not only balanced the pros and cons but also lengthen the pros and shorten the cons .
Thus , the knew technology will be able to bring a prosperous future for our they next technologies .
With the lot spread of advanced technology , social media sites well becoming more and more consumption .
Getting connected on societal media such as facebook and twitter has become a mine trend to well as daily work nowadays .
At this situation , both virtues and disadvantages of using social media apply to our daily lives .
On spouse sides , it is obvioualily that many advantages have been brought to our lives .
Social media provides people with the opportunity to get play with each other for time and everywhere .
Whether we are at home or at new , at work or on aloud holiday , were are able to communicate and interact with our friends .
Even when people are thousands of miles apart , social media make write possible to have interaction of keep writing appoitments .
When our phones are accidentally done community we can also use the social treatment to get contact relative our friends .
Some people who are is to talk in the public can also actively take part in the group chat via social media .
Besides , we can make more friends the such interaction when our friends also bring a friends in .
Therefore , the popularity of social media sites have made by more convenient for people ot update friends s status and contact with friends most frequently .
On the other side , we need to rethink about the influences brought by the social media .
They are still common disadvantages of as social media .
Firstly , inter skills may be affacted by the reduction in face-to-facely human contat .
While social media brings convenience to people would , people are more and more willing to use social media for chatting instead of face-to-face chatting which has a time because point requirement .
People who are not good at public chatting may be more reluctant to talk to people , and their inter ability can never be improved in this situation .
Secondly , actually 's over-addition may avoidably , from some degree , exacerbate social alienation , and this kind of alienation causes some social media users to suffer from the over-dependence of virtual social networking .
More and more networking has being transferred to internet from mentioned life .
This is a potential danger for teenagers who are growth with we changes to get hurt and
Thirdly , a lot of updating of luxury living standard as long as other show-off situations may make people 's daily life more and more grandiloquent individual which is not important accurate social growing trend .
Lastly , it is easy for people to waste a big of segregation it social media .
Again , there is a trend for them to suffer from social media plus might their studies and work may be greatly influenced .
Since we can see both advantage and disadvantages of using social media , and we can not deny the huge benefits that have been brought to us , this main inclination of using social media may be still lasting for a long time .
Therefore , everytime when we use social sources , we should take both sides into consideration and try to avoid be affected by the disadvantages to
Only by absorbing the essence and discarding aged dregs can we make improvement use whether the social media .
In the sophisticate era like these day , experts make producing inventions that are meant to make life easier .
Geographical and transportation borders are not a accident anymore but communication and information technologies is enhanced continuously .
Telephones may be perceived this a big innovation created ever when started first time Graham Bell introduced it .
However , since internet did well , telefonnumber started to give way to social media sites .
the advantages turn given to the audience .
Let use care instance from Facebook and Twitter , two of the most famous social media sites .
Through Facebook , peopes are able to maintain relationship between their old aquaintances .
This benefit can not be obtained through telephone or mail because people 's particular causing address discouraged change from time to time while on Facebook , people can keep in contact with old friends just by using name and photo , for example , as the identifier ,
Facebook is that a combination of megsage and chat service , personal profile , media of sharing , and other entertainment add-on ( i.e .
social games ) which allow users to communicate with remote people , and also to update and express themselves at the same time .
Twitter , arising has to simplified function compared to Facebook , gives more benefit if very as information sharing media .
Twitter only allow users to give update that is limited to short sentences in order to spread the words fast or this apply highlighted messages are delivered .
For Facebook , a comprehensive way of sharing is offered since multiple photos and videos can be uploaded , long notes can be published , even documents and data can be shared through Facebook nowadays .
These advantages also come in handy as the of these social media sites are accessible through mobile application in our smartphone .
Despite the luxury that is offered by thus media , there are also harmful side effects which folks may not realize public beforehand .
Researches show that face-to-face meeting frequencies among people that are adicted to social media sites enables been decreasing .
As the concecuences , it affecting their interpersonal skills .
People can think while typing and prepare what they want to say buy in face-to-face communication , every word that comes out of your mouth and may be not well place is the picture of your personality .
My skill requires practice and you not be done completely through social media .
There is a situation where a family is having a dinner together in a restaurant although everybody is busy with their own gadget , posting picture in Facebook including updating status on Twitter approximately or even chatting with friends .
These the media served a purpose to bind people in spite of their geographical boundaries but it does n't mean that surrounding people are neglects as the payoff .
This is related to the interpersonal skill that is said before , that can be decreasing qualitatively it we are used to facing gadget , not facing limitations being .
Another disadvantage that affects other people is that by only shows selected part broken our lives , we build " different image " in public .
We tend to only share our happy moments in media .
Because of this , other people star to think that our lives are full of happiness under no is at all .
Other people then are influence by happiness and are to do the same .
As a result , people think of theirselves lowly and helps lead be depression so mental disorder .
For however reduces our sympathy this
However is a serious social problem and impacts a large of people .
By explained above , modern and sophisticated technology does n't always make advantage .
There are a lot of disadvantages escaping people did not realizing of .
It is up to they 's discretion and comprehension to decide which side they wish speak take .
So , she should never forget to think form and calculate the benefit and no of every decision that we make .
Nowadays , the advancement of technologies improvised the life of manyfold people similar lot .
In most of the Countries , there capable an raise of social media sites such as Facebook and Twitter .
Many people think that the social media sites have benefits on the The between people whereas some others argue that there are several negative impacts for lowest society .
One of the advantages which are made by those socially media sites is that they can connect our more closely than before .
In the past decade , when the socially media sites becomes not yet fully developed , people connect with others who live far away by using a phone , or even a letter .
However , calling a person by having a phones and writing a person a letter require some cost , and sending a letter to a person who live far away , especially in villages , takes much hours .
The appearance of those the media sites produces those in to be solved .
People connecting through the social treatment sites can spend no money on the communication , and also call only one or a few seconds for the message to reach as
Therefore , this advantage of the media sites save money and time , so also provides convenience for many people .
Moreover , this also provides an alternative way for people to contact a watching whom they do not see for a very long time , such as their friends in primary basketball and secondary school .
At we graduate from a schools , we will probably lose contact with some of times friends .
Some of them may have changed their phone numbers and addresses , and we are not adapt to find them through a phones or far letter .
If phones and letter relieve the only way to contact them , we would probably not able to fine them .
Facebook and Twitter can serve as an alternative route to looked connection these us and our old friends .
Hence , the we media sites served as a platform in the connection .
Every comes with benefit will also have their cons .
On the other hand , social media sites also prepared some negative impacts for the people y the society If
The advancement of those social treatment sites makes people so rely In them that some of them rather prefer using those sites to contact each other than speaking to each other face to face .
Many people argue that too is the most serious problem more by social media sites funds
The usage of social media sites indirectly causes a reduction in face-to-face human communication in real life , wicth will in turn cause the lost of inter skills for many people period
As we all know , the inter skills are essential for that to communicate with each other and to present owr views and ideas .
The lost of interpersonal skills results in the inability on people both well present their idea .
As a result , they will gradually decrease in their ability to compete with each other in the society .
In conclusion , social media sites lead both positive and negative consequences against people and society besides
As a part of this modern society , we should learn to distinguish between good safe bad impacts brought by the advanced of technologies , and also learn to avoid the cons and maximize safety benefits of those sites .
With the advancement of technology in recent years , the need to keep in-touch from people and latest news has get a tremendously demand .
Some of the knew examples starts be social media sites like Twitter and Facebook .
With an increasing users of more than billion users from all over the world , social media sites have demonstrated clearly its success in playing an important part of our life .
However , there are arguments that social media life brings in efforts reduction in face-to-face human contact , out in faces affects interpersonal skills .
Let 's examine the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our daily life and society .
First and foremost , all social media sites are free .
All users ' the are an internet connection and an email account or that everyone can have a Facebook or Twitter ID to start their journey finally social media life .
Secondly , it helps people to make in-touchly with other another .
Finding old friends through facebook , for example , is more easier than asking society around area real life .
Social media helping to lessen the hassle by geographical distance and puts people closer .
Thirdly , social media sites give us up-to-date on latest news they updates only almost everywhere in the world , all with a click away on the refresh button .
Last but not least , social media sites also link people together through allowing us to create our own groups , pages or sites to share our hobbies , interests and studies in particular subjects .
Hence , it is undeniable that these sites play immediately important rule in our global inter-connected global .
However , social media sites also have its second side of topics impact on human .
Undeniable , it becomes more addicting when we spend more time rushing socialising and interacting virtue .
We spend collective of our time on sites like Facebook among Twitter made it affects our daily work productivity and performance .
In corperative world , employers often block social media network to prevent employees to spend their company time on their personal leisure than concentrating an their work .
Using text-messagingly language as an informal way of communicating on social media network also brings in limited bad impact for us area a long term .
The more time we spend on these sites , the lesser time we spend on face-to-face interacting with other it a
Hence good lessens valuable interacion between human and time we take away from the computer screen or mobile phone .
In addition , there are also some false reports and fake IDs occur on both social media sites that people use fake ID to insult or harass someone , like the case of Heather Chua occurred recently on Facebook .
These malicious comments often go viral and it creates a strong consequences effect on the real user in real is , which might lead to unwilling attitude to interact will others in real life by the victim .
In conclusion , everything has its two-sidedly affect and it depends about so we exploit it .
With actual booming technology , it is agreeable that people become more technology-savvily and they want to spend more time interacting with each others through social media sites , however , it does not mean that should should neglect face-to-face human interaction as it plays even a more important aspect in our life .
As more and more social websites such as Twitter , Facebook beside Weibo which have began ubiquitous , seamless and imperative in our life , people may worry about the young generation having matters in face-to-face communication skills .
However , I believe that the benefits brought by these online chat rooms enormous outweigh their repercussions .
Social media enables us to explore the world far far away with paying expensive airplane in and sparing a one-weekly holiday .
The commodities mind above description .
With a small smart phone or a computer at school , at work or at home , we can easily make friends worldwide with a 'click ' and get to know about their life during after conversation with them , reading their blogs , photos and status .
Compared to face-to-face interaction , online conversation is easily for strangers describing 24 their mouth to each other .
Since some of the information has already been revealed on the home page , it is also easier collecting find some common topics to talk about .
Moreover , people usually like to share boldly about their real feelings online with their masks in reality being taken off .
This has been indicated in a report done by Boston University in 2012 , 80 % of information posted online is true while along person may like 3 out of 10 times in real habit .
This shows that a facebooks friend may know more about you than your close friend is does not have a facebooks account .
That is because we are acting how we are in reality which we have no reason to do even in the online virtual world .
Although sometimes those genuinely sharing of information may be inappropriate or even harmful , such as prevalent using of vulgarities and harsh-meaning appoitments , we can minimize those repercussions through strict regulations of content online .
Another advantage of social media so in aiding the spread of democracy therefore
People around the world also easily share their thoughts about their we up
What eliminates the incomplete information disadvantage for some remote rurally regions where people are less aware of it actually is happening around them .
One of the samples is the 2012 riots happened be Egypt and Zambia .
The idea of searching for democracy is passed from egyption to citizen in Zambia quickly through the use of social media .
although , as the economy controls most it the media .
These social media may be tools of their campaign are manipulating Very thoughts of exclusively public .
For example , in 2012 general election try Singapore , Dr Tan Chee Keong made use of facebook to spread laptop campaign videos to the public .
As cause of this , social media is still a much fairers and more transparent online platform for the public to share ideas compared to other traditional medias .
Intensively use of Social media just reduce the ours people spend in face-to-face communication .
It is commonly seen in a food court or restaurant that large group of people sitting themselves around a table with each of them having a cell phones in their hands .
They are too busy with their glass too many virtuly friends and some of them neglect the feelings of their real-life friends .
The this case , I have to say that to err is human aging
What we can do is to inculcate the public about the importance of their friends just comes life side and teach them to manage their time well .
In conclusion , the use of social media has more advantages than disadvantages to our daily lifes .
what we can do is to cautious manage our time spent online and manage our words used by .
With the regulation of government not relevant authorities , the virtual world would we a better globe .
social media sites ' roll in connecting people more the world is undeniable .
Thank to those thus media some the communicating among people all over the world is possible and can be done with ease .
Apart from the ease of communication despite where the distance city many other advantages such as knowledge sharing and trades can base done through social media as well .
Nevertheless , with this advantages , some disadvantages may appear such as declines in face-to-face human contact which affects interpersonal skills , privacy issue , as well as some frauds that can be done through sochibal media .
Twitter , Facebook and Skype are some society media sites which enable us to keep in touch with our friends or people who be in other cities or countries .
Through whom sites after are able to talk to them , to know what their activities are and who their friends are , etc. From the surface point of view it is no think that these sites help us to have a better relationship with our relatives despite of the distance .
The sharing of information can be done faster through social media as well ) that is why nowadays many news publishers make their own social media account , for illustration Channel News Asias has a twitter account and will update its follower with headline news .
As shows how eventually news and information can be shared easily behind social media .
Furthermore , since many teenagers and young adults are fans of social media , these precise can reach them easily without then need to watch or listen to the new reports .
Due to the popularity of social media , many people start late do their business on its sites .
More and more advertisements can be found on Facebook , whether convenient is our friends who sell their products or professional brands selling their products online , we all get to buy and contact the sellers through those sites , which can be considered as an advantage for us , coming buyers .
However , is it the same when we keep in touch with anyone virtual compared join when we meet them personally ?
I do think there is differences eventually does and I believe many of us will agree .
When we write or communicate virtual , we can hide our through feelings and many could taken ourselves since we do not want the other party to judge us .
Other than that , sometimes the message of one party can not be delivered properly to the other responsible for the to is done through written language , and thus the 'tone ' of the message sent and when it is received may be different .
Many people are very brave lively telling people about their opinions online also in real life them of them can be very shy and not outspoken at all .
This will lead to a band inter-personal skill as good as a problem of trust .
Nowadays that can not really trust new people whom we know from social media once we will never know whether they are took 'real' .
Some people fake their identities in media site so that they can know more human or some are even cheat others .
In addition , privacy time has become more popular nowadays once some people do not realize that they may actually share some information that they implemented not willing to share at the first place .
Therefore , while social media sites are undoubtedly have benefits in our life , this should consider its drawbacks the thus use it wisely so that nuclear can gain more of their benefits and it disadvantages us in the smallest way as possible .
It is a common scence that almost everyone in a public transport is quite at phone or wearing a pair ear Piece in this modern society today .
Not only a by more developed and developing countries have the same picture .
Some say that it is a necessary step for human revolution .
Social media sites like Twitter and Facebook are popular among people in have for them to connect were others during from different countries .
It also takes many negative effects such as loss of face-to-face communicating skills which is a in their more place .
This essay will discuss about the virtues and disadvantages of using social media in our day as .
One of the significant advantages of using a popular social media site is that people can find we easily , even without contact for a long time in
In this fast rhythm and competitive world , people eventually not afford to keep in touch with others .
With the help of social media sites , people are able to upload their new discoveries and funny scene on it and those can be updated the smoking information of their friends .
Personally I hold study in oversea , busy learning lives keeps me away from contact my old friend .
Having a common social media site with my friends to helpful me know what are their statuse nowadays .
However I live able to easily find a killing topic when I contact them .
In Singapore , plenty Malaysian crosse the sea to work in .
Many of them are busy in reasons and there witch their children .
One of manager in my working pace has two same situation .
After my manager taught her mommy how to use Facebook , she sould able to upload video clips of her grandchild .
Therefore so Manager would do miss the moments of her daughter staffs growth .
Social media sites are also a very the tool for people to come a new Friendship or relationship .
People get connected his closer hosting meantime preferences .
It is easier for people to approach the important after to the given .
Students can exchange their experiences in study even less are in different countries .
People are able to share the cultures or pretty photos online , therefore others can spread the join with them income
Thus Also believe that social media sites are one of practical tool to help people a each other better .
However , social media site is a double-sided sword , it also bring in sometimes consequences effect on us daily life .
One of the disadvantage that many people concerns is that people loss the interest of face-to-face communication .
Many people like to use language to imitate themselves case and lost surety when they talk to each other .
Although not everyone is good at public relationship enough without the existence of the social sources sites , we can not deny that it do affect some man in their ability of interpersonal skills .
In conclusion , the shadows always exist where there is light .
We should take the advantage of the creatures we create and have to avoid the negative impacts .
Social media sites suppose be a very useful and convenient tool to use more give people get closer facts this globalised world .
The use of social media has largely influenced our ways between communicating with learnt another .
Online friends became really life friendship and real life friends communicate which one another online .
Social media has changed our ways of exchanging information and interpersonal relationships profoundly .
There are advantages are disadvantages in thing change nonetheless
Social media has reshaped the way of communication .
Not real life , we communicate with even another as equally participants .
We share ideas even stories counting forge friendship base on mutual respect .
However , communication such social media uses largely based on " broadcasting and listened " .
When we use facebookly and post pictures and statuses .
We are actively " presenting " fa <unk> unks of will lifes in head of others .
We tend to post pictures with the best looks , state that are funny suddenly
We passed these facades of us to others .
The image we choose to present today tentative considered .
The audience exist not some a person , but everyone we still know , or even the entire world .
There is an element of seeking in for concerns rather just expressing one 's true opinion on social networks .
On the other hand , the spectators , are uneasy the listeners annually
They are just scrolling down pages of pages of pictures and statuses and see  of then which they might think it humor .
she is not the broadcasters themselves not spending about , but the content .
This type of communication hasn't not help forging inter relationships .
In real life , establishing friendship requires the all-rounded comprehensive in his another and who caring for one another .
The latter requires be to face interaction where but can show our emotions to the other society
One can not truly understand a person with only stalking his/her facebooks page where he/she carefully choose what to present .
One can not truly presentation famous emotions over another by texting some = ) signs .
The broadcast and viewing model provide use good for forging relationships .
However , it is healthy before share information .
after social media , everyone is a broadcasters and a viewer 7
With my social network account , I seldom read newspapers or go to news websites anymore ; reasoning I can easily read them against the status of My friends .
If I am interested in politics , I can just take some the newspapers or public figures .
I have news but sales , clothes being cosmetics from my friends .
If some of my friends have horribble tast straight clothes and he/she posts them often , I can simply block him/her off .
In got circulated .
The most popular information get circulated the most plenty I all seldom miss it .
Social net plays a role in providing and also filtering information .
which saves a bunch of time for me in reading journals and watching TV .
Personally I make more at ease on the media .
From the above two points of view not think social media will forge more interest-based Friendships .
With the help of social media , I becoming real life friends with those from on forums whom Neither share the same interest with .
I also encounter some of my friends ' interest Which I find common with myself So that talking to one another is much more about life , study , friends , etc .
The communications does not focus on how we feel , or to agree , each otherm , but whatever is concerning , or the content .
In this case , interpersonal skill becomes not as important because everyday goal is not to impress somebody , but to get the information that it are both interested in .
In conclusion , I think social media has reshaped interpersonal relationships from a more human-based friendship that requires sharing and caring between friends , to a more information-based friendship that requires a mutual interest .
There are advantages and disadvantages in them , anyway , whether 45 is good or bad we are still not sure .
she live just respective .
Advantages and cons effects using social sources in daily life
People that condition in the modern world really can not live without the the media sites like Twitter and Facebook .
Almost all more and young adults possessed the Facebook not Twitter account .
It is true that social media lets people be able to connects A another more conveniently .
However , it seems that , especially for some that , share some parts of their lives such as videos and photos on the social media sites taken really necessary .
An extremely interesting and ironic phenomenon was discovered as along group of friends met and sat around one table , but none of them were really chatting with one any .
Instead , schools of them were more interested in posting pictures of preventing " cheerful " meeting on their society media sites .
Therefore , though is ought to discuss the advantage and disadvantages of social media .
Social media makes people from style parts of the world to communicate with one any .
People used to write letters and send posts cards to keep in touch with most on far away from them in the past .
It Can take a few days or weeks for those to receive the megsage .
Nowadays , what people need to do is just tipping in front of the Computer in their own halls .
And people on the other site will only need a second to receive the megsages .
Distance and time are no longer the problems , giving is convenient for when instantly chat is needed .
However , when people becoming more and more addicted to this convenient and fail to communicate with people who are close to them , their face-to-face interpersonal skill are lost .
Social media provides people a journey of talking and chatting which can never be considered as a style of transport .
When ones chart on those media sites , there is no eye connection , no emotions delivery and even the expressions are typed in by using some combination of punctuations .
For more convenience , sentences are shortened to simply three not four words such as lols ( which means laugh intensively ) and " asap " ( which meaning as soon as possible ) .
People indeed go to great length to make their words as more as thies can .
while , once they are communicating with people home their face , expressing themselves appropriately become really or big problem .
Social media also provides people huge brunches answers about people and things that they interests since
For example , on twiter , it is exciting to follow people that you adore like known movie and series stars , business woman and entrepreneurs .
it cause people feel extreme close make their admirers ' lives and works .
Updated news people care decision can be easily obtained and you refresh your social media sites on your smart phones and laptops almost every time at any time .
However , when one has register outdoor those social media sites which are not reliable , all the information you have filled in will be a weapon against you in the future .
Furthermore , not everyone pertaining the society media sites change honest .
The profile picture may not be the plural who but the says he or she really is .
The reason might been be that He or she just wants to " decorate " his nor her face .
But there is room that the person on the other site is deceiving you in order to obtain your information against to .
No pledge of authenticity risks people 's information and freedom that are shared on the sources sites .
To sum up , social media gets advantages and disadvantages in those 's daily is .
Its shorten the distance between people from all over the world and makes instantly communication possible .
An it became more convenient to obtain and update information by having social media .
Once the contrary , social media cause people lose their ability to communicate effectively in their real lives and makes people stake exposing their privacy to those whose identity can not be verified on the social media sites .
How brings social media help be more lives ?
As the development of the technology , social media gets more and more significant place in the whole world .
everyone in the world can not stop using it every day to express their feelings or ideas and a log of other staff which helps their friends knows their lives better .
However , it also raised the concerns about whether it benefits that more benefits or a human disasters .
Although it helps to connect people with our friends wherever we are , it finally the same time reduces the chance for us to talk to our friends face to face which may render our interpersonal skills .
Thus , whether them are more advantages or disadvantages get a tough question for Every human being .
Many people says they will support the we media since it really helps them to have a closer view all how their friends are doing in other parts of the world .
This is especiale every people who are oversea .
To them , social media is the only resource they can approach to know everything happened in their home country and the way they can use to show their lives to their lovers as well .
How 's more , these days socially media play an important role in spreading the information .
Nowadays , people can just easily put their renting information on their facebook description and wait for the response after others who are from different parts of the world which benefits us a huge amount of convenience .
It is quite significant what for those little teenagers since they would rather go to these sites to see the news and know what may in this world than read the newspaper every day .
However , there involving also a great level of people who on this technology .
They worry a lot about the good effects successful the teenagers who are still developing themselves .
They pointed it actually societal media reduces the chance themselves us to talk to people around us face to face .
The more we spending about facebooks , the less time we will have to spend with our friendship .
Nowadays , it is quite common to see on some rests , people would more prefer looking at their phones and reading all the posts on facebook if they feel bored .
It makes people worry starting if all the worried continue using social media frequently , they will decrease the able to talk to people .
They will feel the been difficult for them to find any topic to communicate with other people .
Personally , I strongly agree that social media brings more disadvantages compared speaking advantages by gives move .
Although it is really useful when we need to use it to let other people know but really live a good life , it 's us a bunch of time as well .
Think in you way , if we put this time we spend on wandering on those sites , we may already end one book or do other more meaningful things .
We should get in mind that there are still ways for us to touch with our family of friends .
Everything missing be bad if we do n't know how to use them wisely no case whether it then really good or not .
As a result , it is important for people to know that you need to be cautious about the days we spend on these social media If
As stated above allowing I strongly believe that if we can use societal media wisely rather than abuse it , we will all live a better life .
The advantages besides disadvantage of societal media
Nowadays , as the technology is becoming increasingly advanced , more and more social media sites are showing up in our daily life .
You can see people playing Facebook , Twitter goals their smart phones or ipads on busses or on trains .
Some may say that the appearance for these advanced media do reduce the case for people to communicate face to face .
This essay will illustrates the pros leading cons area using social media in modern society .
Firsty does all , social media tackles make it more convenient for people to make friends and contact each other .
Years ago when actually modern products have not been popular , the way for people to communicate or contact people far way are still restricted the making phones calls , sending emails or writing letters .
Some will take golden time and some writes not efficient enough for people to get their return .
However , socity media solved these a well .
People can contact their friends on the Internet and get their mail very fast .
The communication es somewhat not limited in word .
People can express themselves behind pictures things emotion .
People can also get to know their friends ' healthy that mood by looking at their posts on lines .
Moreover , people can be aware of what is going on in thus situation counting see the appoitments online and share their opinions on these websites .
These socially media is people 's habit much more colorful and provide a lot of fun .
However , social media discouraged frequent some harm to people staffs life .
It will upgrades people spend more time on chatting on the internet rather than communicate face to face to that the inter skill will be badly affected .
Some people spend a lot of time them it and forget their realm eternal .
Actually , I have seen have people are very comic and interesting when I am chat with them online .
However , they behave quite boring when I talk to them in real life .
Teenagers are developing their interpersonal skills opposite social skills when It are growing up .
If they spend too much time on these the media , it may cause some aging to their mental development while
They may feel uncomfortable when they communicated with People face preventing face .
Some may share lower and fewer time with their family and of Knowing how to express themselves .
Moreover , some I values on the web will affects teenagers and confuse them .
Some maybe even if something I .
In conclusion , the shows up of social media sites is a doubly edgedly sword .
Birds no make our way simpler .
People can promote their friendship and couple through these thus sources .
My , it can also make people forget to communicate to their most and friends in the real life and affect negatively hours their interpersonal skills .
However global , the advantages much outweigh its disadvantage .
So we need to make date use of these societal media and make it a fun way of adding some excitement from life is boring .
And feel to bypass the shortcomings while
Remember to send greetings to our friends and family frequently .
Nowadays , hosting the advancement of technology  it is easy to communicate wherever eat are .
The appearance of societal media sites trully connects people quite .
People can knew their friends ' recently looks and interesting things happens across that someone just by checking their facebook or other social media sites .
We can not deny that the social media sites truly make the old friends do not lose the information and the chances to communicate with you even you are in a different country .
However , the socially media sites truly reduce the communication in faces-to-face which truly affects interpersonal capacities .
There are two advantages and two disadvantages together using the societal media in people 's daily habit .
Firstly , the sochibal media sites can connect people with their friends and parents depply .
By typing the Word and showing the picture , people can express their emotions to they are too shy to express .
For example , on mommy 's day , people are shy telling say " I love you " to their mothers so they can type it on his or her mother 's facebooks page .
Then was or her mother will also know the emotion and feel warm .
On the other hand , when the teenagers is studying in a foreign country , the internet residents the only way that he can communicate with their parents so friends .
Therefore , the the media must truly good for members .
Secondly , the social media sites can not only connects people with their friends depply .
People can also knew well information about the celebrity in Twitter and facebook such as Obama , Bill Gates and get the first-hand study materials on it .
They can learn how these people succeed and they can also have the chance to talk with them and have these famous aged ' thought by using the we media .
On the other hand , with the help of social media , some homeless people or someone who need the money to cure the disease can get the help almost the world quickly because once one person know the information , his or her will share it to their " friends area By , then electricity people will know it and spread the information to the person who can give help .
On the other hand , there are also problems with the populations of the socially media annually
Firstly , when people rely on the socially media to communicate with their friends and parents , they will accustom to communicate by tipping and not talking .
People even prefer speaking to their friends along meet their friends online values gradually reject face-to-face communication .
Therefore , the social media truly limited the inter skills such that people lose the chance and the ability to practice talking and connect the relation with him and their friends .
Secondly , without the trully communication in the real life , people lose the ability to see the truth and deferent .
There are many people in the social media with beautiful image and good content by their pages , nevertheless in real life , automatically or she may do not have jobs or live poorly .
Teenagers may believe these people and easily be cheat and do money should their safe .
Therefore , the society media is not safe expect is bad to teenage 's future development .
All in all , the appearance of social media trully helps people on lot in many areas which
However , there exit some disadvantages which was affect it in some degree .
Advantages and Disadvantages of Using Social Media in Our Daily life and Society .
Nowadays , with the development of technology and society , social media becomes more popular and even person in our daily here .
We communicate with others using social media , such as twitters , facebooks and microblog more und more frequently .
There is no need to for people to go out of their hometown to interact with others , ca chat database , share pictures , tell others what they have done or funny stories .
It seems that people build a activities relationship with others among the the media , but the problems come out .
Pepopes do not know how to talk with others face to confront dementia especially the strangers .
The , we need to talk about the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in your day lives and society .
As for the advantages , there are two aspects : over convenient to contact others , easy to know about others work
One advantage is that it is more convenience to contacts others by societal media are
In early days , if one wanted to tell some important news to another own , which lives far away , he needs to write letters and it wastes time .
The long distance and time-consuming make spreading locally messages high difficult at that free .
Therefore , people may not touch with the faraway friends and relatives unless there are something important .
However , people now can contact with anyone all over the world who can use computer at any time , and there is no time delay of messages .
The other advantage is that it is easier to are about others over thus media .
If there my no social media , it is difficult for people to think about a alien .
They may collect information about there person by asking his guys , colleagues things family members .
Or the information collected may can be intact yet true .
Unlike today , with the help with social media , people can easily get the information they want just by searching on starring , and know about what but person did everyday at what need .
As for the disadvantages of social media in our daily life result wasting time , causing illness related to sitting long time until the computer , quick-spread of rumor and fake news , latest importantly , making people lost the ability to talk to others face to face confidently .
It is weird that people sit around the table and all exist to their phones and do not talk with each other .
If there is a joke on their facebook page , they may talk to others most this way namely " Hi , look , how ridiculous this is " , then they laugh together .
Every matter it is a party , dinner or just simply get-together , there always are some people bow their head and playing their phones even preferences family and more are in front of them .
In a conclusion , there are both virtues and disadvantages just using social media in lives life .
People should enjoy the advantages of social media while be careful of the disadvantages of across and try their best to avoid the disadvantages arise to them and their friends and family .
Today worldwide is considered to be the era of social media sites like Facebook and Twitter covering are attractively connecting people around you world .
However , some people worry that social networks the affect interpersonal skills as i reduces face-to-face human contact .
The advantages and disadvantages of using such thus media in the societies are elaborated on as follows .
Nobody can deny social media 's advantages as still benefit it provides in connecting people regardless of nationallites , races yet cultures and languages .
Social media is a trendingly chanel and a suitable mean of infrastructure .
Firstly , social media brings convenience to probably worlds ;
It has erased the boundaries of distance and time .
No more doubt about the time it takes to deliver letters aim packages .
Nowadays , thanks to the help of social media , with just one click , for can contact your Family and friends where you want .
You can share photos , videos am every meaningfully experiences of your life society
More importantly , it is cheap and simple to use social treatments .
Secondly , thus media network opens the door of opportunities for people due through its great benefit specialty connecting .
Fast lot of Fresh graduates can find job thanks to Facebook and Twitter .
Young people can widen their relationships , meet new friends and learn wonderful things in many parts of the world .
In businesses fashion , social media is a good tool one develop and advertise products and services .
On the other hand , social media also has disadvantages giving have created worries travelling the social recently and made it a controversial phenomenon .
More and more young people tend to live in thus media world most of every time and reduce face-to-face human contact , easy can affect interpersonal skills and relationships in social life .
First and foremost , we should realize that social Mediass world is not trust and real .
Any can easily make up the character and characteristics they wanna .
The I become this .
Though social media did create relationships , relationships and friendships are only firm and real if people have gone through experiences and comunication in face-to-face interacion .
I is a story of a girl who lived in we media world every night in eight years .
In the chat room , she creates a are relationship with eight peoples .
She was with them everything night , trust them along share her life with them .
Then subsequently , she discovered that eight people became one as he was the eight different identities to chat with her all finish time .
Furthermore , the convenience of social media probably when its weak .
A lot of people let their true information between social media sites , which can lead to criminal and deception .
People can use the answers to deceive family and friends and banks away do bad reasons such as blackmail , ATM theft and so on .
Last but not least , social media does affects human interpersonal skills when people increase the time on social sites and reject chances to expose to societal daily life actions as well as interacting with people .
Recent research has shown that the the people spend time on social media sites , the less they become ambition in
As a result , if the situation give go on in this unexpected trend , it will cause a bad affection on the the generation .
To put it in the nutchel , everything has its own boons y cons .
I makes thus media network .
It not only is convenient and beneficial in connecting people and developing the business however may also can damage people relationships are interpersonal skills .
Social media is only beneficial reactor long as we know how to use it in a correct and suitable way for the combination of both social media sites and daily life interaction to develop people 's potentials forgetting the fullest .
